10031136	A Decade in the Grave	A Decade In The Grave is a box set (4 CDs + 1 DVD) by death metal band Six Feet Under. It was released in 2005 on Metal Blade Records. Ten years after the formation of Six Feet Under, Metal Blade celebrated the band's longevity with A Decade in the Grave, a five-disc box set (four audio CDs plus a DVD). The first two discs is SFU's best-of, disc three contains rare demos as well as live performances, while the fourth disc contains demos and rehearsal material by Leviathan (the band Barnes sang for before Cannibal Corpse or SFU). The DVD offers a blend of videos and live performances. The box set also includes 4 new songs, "Dead and Buried (Living Life in the Grave)", "From Flesh Bone", "A Knife Fight to the Death", and "Burned at the Stake", the latter 3 being previously unreleased, and the former being recorded for the album. ==Track listing== ===CD 1 (Best Of Vol. 1)=== #"Feasting On The Blood Of The Insane" #"Revenge Of The Zombies" #"Impulse To Disembowel" #"Bonesaw" #"Dead And Buried (Living Life In The Grave)" #"The Enemy Inside" #"Drowning" #"Silent Violence" #"Bringer Des Blutes (Live)" #"Brainwashed" #"When Skin Turns Blue" #"Rest In Pieces" #"Braindead" #"Murdered In The Basement" ===CD 2 (Best Of Vol. 2)=== #"Knife, Gun, Axe" #"War Is Coming" #"Shadow Of The Reaper" #"The Day The Dead Walked" #"Deathklaat" #"The Murderers" #"Decomposition Of The Human Race" #"Cadaver Mutilator" #"Hacked To Pieces" #"Remains Of You" #"Torture Killer" #"Lycanthropy" #"The Art Of Headhunting" #"This Graveyard Earth" ===CD 3 (Rarities)=== #"Beneath A Black Sky (Demo)" #"Human Target (Demo)" #"Suffering In Ecstasy (Demo)" #"The Enemy Inside (Demo)" #"Tomorrow's Victim (Demo)" #"Ugly (Demo)" #"Claustrophobic (Demo)" #"From Flesh Bone" #"A Knife Fight To The Death" #"Burned At The Stake" #"War Is Coming (Live In San Francisco)" #"Brainwashed (Live In Albuquerque)" #"Human Target (Live In Golen)" #"Torture Killer (Live In San Francisco)" #"Revenge Of The Zombie (Live In San Francisco)" #"Lycanthropy (Live In San Francisco)" ===CD 4 (Ten Years Before: Leviathan)=== #"Violent Slaughter" #"Destructive Aggressor" #"Lamentation Of Death" #"Leviathan" #"Asphyxiation" #"Tormented Nightmare" #"Blood Feast" #"Apocalyptic Rain" #"Bestial Deception" ===DVD=== #"Lycanthropy" #"Manipulation" #"Victim Of The Paranoid" #"The Day The Dead Walked" #"Amerika The Brutal" #"Bringer Of Blood" #"Dead And Buried" #"Shadow Of The Reaper" #"Shadow Of The Reaper (Live In Berlin 2005)" #"Murdered In Basement" #"When Skin Turns Blue" #"No Warning Shot" #"Feasting On The Blood Of The Insane" #"Victim Of The Paranoid" #"Deathklaat" #"The Day The Dead Walked" #"Hacked To Pieces" #"Hacked To Pieces (Live With Full Force 2004)" #"No Warning Shot" ===Bonus=== * Poster * SFU Sticker * 32-page book * SFU Trading cards ==Personnel== * Chris Barnes – vocals * Steve Swanson – guitars (1998 – present) * Allen West – guitars (1995 – 1997) * Terry Butler – bass * Greg Gall – drums ==References== ==External links== * Six Feet Under's Home Page Category:Six Feet Under (band) albums Category:2005 compilation albums Category:2005 video albums Category:Metal Blade Records compilation albums Category:Music video compilation albums Category:Metal Blade Records video albums
10078432	A Case for the Court	A Case for the Court was a weekly CBC Television show that ran from July 1960 to September 1962.CBC/film archive at queensu.ca The show was produced in cooperation with the Canadian Bar Association, involving the enactment of fictional criminal and civil cases using actual judges and lawyers. ==References== ==External links== * *A Case for the Court - Canadian Communication Foundation Category:1960 Canadian television series debuts Category:1962 Canadian television series endings Category:CBC Television original programming
10099975	A Different Light (album)	A Different Light is the second album by Sherwood, and it continues the band's musical style. The album contains several re-recorded versions of tracks off their Summer EP (2006), as well as new tracks that help the band drift into new musical territory. It is the first album since the band signed with MySpace Records, and was preceded by several 'Making of' videos available on the band's MySpace page. The song "The Best in Me" was used as the opening song for MTV's show College Life. ==Track listing== ==References== Category:2007 albums Category:Sherwood (band) albums Category:Albums produced by Lou Giordano
10137549	A Good Thief Tips His Hat	A Good Thief Tips His Hat is the debut album of folk rock group Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams. The album's title is an offhand tribute to all of the older groups and artists who have influenced the Circus. ==Track listing== All songs written by Joziah Longo. #"Genius" – 5:21 #"Silent Revolution" – 5:09 #"Radio" – 4:16 #"My Girl" – 3:19 #"Someday" – 3:21 #"Slambovia" – 4:14 #"Never Fit" – 5:34 #"Alice In Space" – 4:57 #"Good Thief" – 4:58 #"Circus Of Dreams" – 3:25 #"Already Broken" – 9:55 ==References== * Category:1999 debut albums Category:Gandalf Murphy and the Slambovian Circus of Dreams albums
10174562	A History of Money and Banking in the United States	A History of Money and Banking in the United States is a 2002 book by economist Murray Rothbard, released posthumously based on his archived manuscripts. The author traces inflations, banking panics, and money meltdowns from the Colonial Period through the mid-20th century. ==References== == External links == * A History of Money and Banking in the United States (510 pages) in pdf format Category:Books about economic history Category:2002 non- fiction books Category:History of banking in the United States Category:History books about the United States Category:Books by Murray Rothbard
10223157	A Balinese Trance Seance	A Balinese Trance Seance is a 1979 documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Tim Asch and anthropologist Linda Connor that profiles Jero Tapakan, a Balinese spirit medium. It was one of five films that were made with Jero Tapakan and were considered to be exemplary ethnographic films.Alexander, Paul (1998) "Jero Tapakan: Balinese Healer. An Ethnographic Film Monograph". The Australian Journal of Anthropology January, 1998 The film was the first in the series; the later films were: Jero on Jero: "A Balinese Trance Seance" Observed (1981), The Medium is the Masseuse: A Balinese Massage (1983), and Jero Tapakan: Stories From the Life of a Balinese Healer (1983).Sherzer, Joel (1998) "Jero Tapakan: Balinese Healer, An Ethnographic Film Monograph". Oceania ==Notes== ==Further reading== * Linda Connor, Patsy Asch and Timothy Asch (1986) Jero Tapakan: Balinese Healer. An Ethnographic Film Monograph. Monograph No. 9, Ethnographics Press, Los Angeles: University of Southern California, (1986) 1996 2nd Edition. . ==External links== *A Balinese Trance Seance * Category:1979 films Category:Indonesian documentary films Category:American documentary films Category:Anthropology documentary films Category:Documentary films about religion Category:Films directed by Timothy Asch Category:Films shot in Indonesia Category:1979 documentary films Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s American films
1022877	A Death in the Family (comics)	"A Death in the Family" is a 1988 storyline in the American comic book Batman, published by DC Comics. It was written by Jim Starlin and penciled by Jim Aparo, with cover art by Mike Mignola. Serialized in Batman #426–429 from August to November 1988, "A Death in the Family" is considered one of the most important Batman stories for featuring the death of his sidekick Robin at the hands of his archenemy, the Joker. Jason Todd, the second character to assume the Robin persona, was introduced in 1983 to replace Dick Grayson, who was unavailable for use at the time. Jason became unpopular among readers after 1986, as writers began to characterize him as rebellious and impulsive. Editor Dennis O'Neil was considering having Jason revamped or written out of Batman when he recalled a 1982 Saturday Night Live sketch in which Eddie Murphy encouraged viewers to call the show if they wanted him to boil a lobster on air. Inspired to orchestrate a similar stunt, DC set up a 900 number voting system to allow fans to decide Jason's fate. "A Death in the Family" begins when Batman relieves Jason of his crime-fighting duties. Jason travels to the Middle East to find his biological mother, but is kidnapped and tortured by the Joker. Batman #427 ends with the Joker blowing Jason up in a warehouse. Starlin and Aparo prepared two versions of the following issue: one that would be published if readers voted to have Jason survive, and another if he was to be killed. A narrow majority voted in favor of the latter, and Batman #428 features Batman discovering Jason's lifeless body in the warehouse ruins. The storyline ends when Batman and Superman stop the Joker from killing the United Nations General Assembly. The story was controversial and widely publicized; despite Jason's unpopularity, DC faced backlash for the decision to kill one of its most iconic characters. Jason's demise had a lasting effect on Batman stories, with Batman's failure to save him pushing the comic book mythos in a darker direction. Tim Drake succeeded Jason as Robin in 1989, and Jason was resurrected as the Red Hood in the "Under the Hood" (2004–2006) storyline. "A Death in the Family" remains a popular story among readers and has been reprinted in trade paperback form since its initial publication. Plot elements have been incorporated into Batman films, television series, and video games. An animated interactive film adaptation, Batman: Death in the Family, was released in 2020. ==Publication history== ===Background=== Robin, the adolescent sidekick of the DC Comics superhero Batman, first appeared in Detective Comics #38 in April 1940. He was introduced by Bob Kane, Bill Finger, and Jerry Robinson to give Batman a companion and increase his appeal to children. The original Robin, Dick Grayson, made regular appearances in Batman publications from 1940 until the early 1980s, when Marv Wolfman and George Pérez began including him in the New Teen Titans comics. As this made Dick unavailable to the Batman comics, Batman writer Gerry Conway and artist Don Newton introduced Jason Todd in Batman #357 (March 1983). Wolfman and Pérez had Dick set aside the Robin identity and become the independent superhero Nightwing in Teen Titans, while Jason became Robin in the Batman family of comics. Originally, Jason's origin story was virtually identical to Dick's; like Dick, Jason was depicted as the son of circus acrobats, who became Batman's sidekick after his parents were murdered. Dennis O'Neil, who wrote Batman and Detective Comics throughout the 1970s and became the Batman group editor in 1986, said that Conway and Newton worried about creating a new character. I think they thought, 'We've got to have a Robin in the series so let's go with the tried and true. This Robin has worked for so many years, so let's do him again. Following the Crisis on Infinite Earths (1985–1986) crossover event, which rebooted the DC Universe, Batman writer Max Allan Collins was asked to reintroduce Jason. Batman #408 (June 1987) began a four- issue story by Collins and artist Chris Warner that reimagined Jason as a street delinquent whom Batman attempts to reform. The revamped Jason was unpopular among readers, who disliked his rebellious, impulsive nature. A scene in Batman #424 (June 1988) in which Jason seemingly breaks Batman's no- kill rule and lies about it was particularly controversial. After Collins quit over creative differences, writer Jim Starlin and penciler Jim Aparo took over Batman. Starlin did not like Jason and initially avoided featuring him, but began to use him in stories at the request of O'Neil. Starlin "decided to play on that dislike" in his stories. By 1988, the Batman creative team knew Todd presented a problem that needed to be resolved. ===Development=== O'Neil decided that Jason either needed another personality revamp or to be written out of Batman. Around that time, DC was planning to publish a comic promoting HIV/AIDS education, and requested that writers submit suggestions for characters to kill off from AIDS. Starlin filled the suggestion box with proposals to kill off Jason, but DC staff rejected the idea after realizing all the papers had Starlin's handwriting. DC president Jenette Kahn wanted to address Jason's unpopularity. O'Neil and Kahn attended an editorial retreat, where O'Neil recalled a 1982 Saturday Night Live sketch in which Eddie Murphy encouraged viewers to call one of two 900 numbers if they wanted him to boil a lobster on air. The sketch garnered widespread publicity and nearly 500,000 viewers called in. O'Neil proposed a similar stunt involving one of the DC characters, which Kahn found intriguing. O'Neil decided that Jason was "the logical candidate to be in peril", as he was unpopular and placing him in such a situation would have massive ramifications. "We didn't want to waste it on anything minor", he said. "Whether Firestorm's boots should be red or yellow ... This had to be important. Life or death stuff." Kahn added that they wanted to allow fans to have input in what to do with Jason, rather than "autocratically" writing him out and replacing him. The idea of having fans call to influence the creative process was a novel concept at the time, and DC's sales and marketing vice president Bruce Bristow described setting up the numbers as the most difficult part of the project. Sales manager John Pope began calling AT&T; to secure the two 900 numbers on October 1, 1987; it took him until March 1988 to reserve them. Six months after Starlin proposed killing Jason, O'Neil asked him to start working on a potential story. Starlin decided to have the Joker murder Jason, inspired by The Dark Knight Returns (1986), a limited series by Frank Miller that featured Batman retiring after the Joker kills Robin. Starlin wrote scripts for a six-issue story, and the decision was made to combine the first four across two issues to speed up the story because fans were participating. Aparo, inker Mike DeCarlo, and colorist Adrienne Roy provided the art, and assistant editor Dan Raspler suggested Mike Mignola as the storyline's cover artist. Batman #427 features Batman arriving at a warehouse where Jason is imprisoned just as it explodes. On the back cover, an advertisement featured Batman carrying a severely wounded Jason. Readers were warned that Jason could die of his injuries, but that they could "prevent it with a telephone call". Two 900 numbers were given: one (1-(900) 720–2660) which would let Robin live, and another (1-(900) 720–2666) which would cause him to die. The numbers were activated for 35 hours in the United States and Canada from 9:00a.m. Eastern Standard Time on September 15, 1988. Starlin and the artists prepared two versions of Batman #428, depending on the outcome. As O'Neil stated, "It really could have gone either way. We prepared two choices of balloons. We had alternate panels. We had everything set up so that the two outcomes could be accomplished with a minimum of changes. We prepared for either situation." Raspler explained that Aparo prepared three alternate pages and several panels with static images that could be easily rearranged. O'Neil voted to let Jason live, as he felt killing the character would complicate his job as an editor, and Starlin was unable to vote because he was in Mexico at the time. O'Neil and Raspler checked the results every 90 minutes. DC executive editor and vice president Dick Giordano expected readers to vote in favor of Jason's survival; O'Neil believed they would vote for his death to see if DC would follow through. The poll received 10,614 votes and 5,343 voted for Jason's death over 5,271 for his survival—a margin of just 72 votes. Although Kahn dispelled rumors that the process was rigged in favor of Jason's demise, O'Neil said it was possible many votes favoring Jason's death came from a single person. He recalled hearing that "a lawyer programmed his Macintosh to dial the killing number every few minutes", but had no evidence. O'Neil canceled a party he planned to throw once the verdict was in and decided to keep the result secret until Batman #428 was shipped. O'Neil did not tell his wife, Starlin, or Aparo. Starlin had expected Jason to die but was surprised by how close the vote was. Production director Bob Rozakis supervised Roy as she finished coloring, and then had Steve Bove take the "real" Batman #428 to finish it in the secrecy of his basement. ===Publication=== "A Death in the Family" was published when Batman was surging in popularity. Following the success of The Dark Knight Returns and the "Year One" (1987) storyline, monthly sales for Batman were at their highest level since the early 1970s, and Tim Burton's Batman (1989) feature film was in production. DC announced "A Death in the Family" shortly after the release of the critically acclaimed graphic novel Batman: The Killing Joke in 1988; according to author Chris Sims, the Batman letter column immediately "broke out into debate" over whether Jason should live or die. Batman #426, the first issue of "A Death in the Family", was released on August 23, 1988, and Batman #427, the second, was released two weeks later, on September 6. Fans voted to determine Jason's fate between September 15 and 16, 1988, and Batman #428, which featured Jason's death, was released on October 18, 1988. The storyline concluded with Batman #429, on November 29, 1988. The last two issues contained a guest appearance from Superman. After the first three issues of "A Death in the Family" sold out, DC compiled the storyline into a trade paperback in time for the 1988 Christmas shopping season. The collection, Batman: A Death in the Family, shipped on December 5, 1988, less than a week after Batman #429. A 2009 hardcover reprint included Wolfman, Pérez, and Aparo's 1989 sequel storyline, "A Lonely Place of Dying", which introduced Jason's successor Tim Drake. A hardcover deluxe edition was published in April 2021. For many years, the version of Batman #428 in which Jason lives remained unpublished, though the pages remained housed in DC's archives in Burbank, California. Batman Annual #25, published in March 2006, used one of the alternate pages Aparo had prepared; some panels were released by Les Daniels in his book Batman: The Complete History (1999) and by Polygon journalist Susana Polo in 2020. In March 2020, the DC Daily web show unveiled all of the pages to the public for the first time, and the artwork was published in the 2021 deluxe edition. ==Synopsis== While eavesdropping on a child pornography ring and awaiting police backup in Gotham City, Jason Todd (Robin) ignores Batman's orders and attacks the criminals. Batman chastises Jason and asks if he considers crimefighting a game; Jason replies that life is a game. At Wayne Manor, Batman decides Jason is emotionally unstable and relieves him of his duties as Robin; an enraged Todd storms off. Meanwhile, the Joker, Batman's archenemy, escapes from Arkham Asylum. Batman discovers that he has obtained a nuclear weapon and plans to sell it to terrorists, and tracks him to war-torn Lebanon. Walking through his old neighborhood, Jason meets a friend of his late parents, who gives him his father's old documents. Jason discovers that his mother's name on his birth certificate is blotted out, and that her first initial is "S", not "C" as in Catherine Todd, the woman he knew as his mother. Jason concludes that Catherine was his stepmother and decides to search for his biological mother. He uses the Batcomputer to track three possible individuals to the Middle East and Africa. Jason travels to Lebanon, where he and Batman reunite. The two foil an attempt by terrorists to destroy Tel Aviv using the nuclear missile purchased from the Joker. Batman agrees to help Jason find his mother, and Jason interrogates his first suspect, Mossad agent Sharmin Rosen. His next suspect, Batman's old acquaintance Lady Shiva, says she is not Jason's mother after she is administered a truth serum by the duo. Batman and Jason travel to Ethiopia and confirm that Jason's mother is Sheila Haywood, an aid worker; Jason has an emotional reunion with her. However, the Joker discovers that Haywood had performed illegal surgeries on teenagers in Gotham and has been blacklisted as a medical practitioner. The Joker uses this information to blackmail her into giving him the medical supplies her agency has stockpiled in a warehouse. He sells them on the black market and stocks the warehouse with Joker venom, which will kill thousands of people. Haywood has also been embezzling from the aid agency and, as part of a cover-up, hands Jason, in his Robin costume, over to the Joker. The Joker beats Jason with a crowbar and restrains him and Haywood in the warehouse with a time bomb. Jason throws himself on the bomb to shield Haywood as the warehouse explodes. Batman arrives too late to save them, and Jason and Haywood die from their injuries. Traumatized, Batman takes Jason and Haywood's remains to Gotham and holds a burial with Alfred Pennyworth, Commissioner James Gordon, and Barbara Gordon. Batman blames himself for Jason's death and resolves to carry on alone, rejecting Pennyworth's suggestion to involve Dick Grayson, the first Robin. The Joker meets with Ayatollah Khomeini, who offers him a role in the Iranian government. The Joker leaves a warehouse containing the corpses of his henchmen and the address of the UN Headquarters for Batman. As Batman waits outside the UN building, Superman appears and tries to convince Batman to leave. The Joker is Iran's representative to the UN and will be giving a speech on the floor of the General Assembly, and any confrontation between Batman and him could start a diplomatic incident. During his speech, the Joker attempts to poison the entire chamber with Joker venom, but Superman intercepts the gas. Batman pursues the Joker onto a helicopter sent by his sponsors. During the resulting struggle, one of the Joker's henchmen opens fire with a machine gun and shoots the pilot, crashing the helicopter into the sea. Superman saves Batman, but the Joker's body is not found. Batman laments that everything between him and the Joker ends unresolved. ==Reception== ===Initial=== The first three chapters of "A Death in the Family" sold out quickly, and according to Starlin, the storyline was DC's bestselling comic of 1988. The storyline drew coverage in news outlets including USA Today, Reuters, and the Deseret News. Many reports did not mention that Jason was not the original Robin. As an editor at Marvel Comics, O'Neil had received angry mail from fans when characters such as Phoenix and Elektra were killed, so he was prepared for reader backlash to Jason's death. However, "A Death in the Family" created much more controversy, as Robin was one of DC's most iconic characters and the Marvel deaths had occurred during a period of recession in comics. O'Neil spent the days following Batman #428's publication "doing nothing but talking on the radio. I thought it would get us some ink here and there and maybe a couple of radio interviews. I had no idea—nor did anyone else—it would have the effect it did." After three days, Peggy May, DC's publicity manager, ordered O'Neil to stop talking to the media. She also barred anyone from discussing the story on television. Though initially confused, O'Neil came to appreciate May's order because he did not want the public to see him as "the guy who killed Robin". Assistant editor Dan Raspler was chastised by DC's then-executive vice president Paul Levitz for referring to "A Death in the Family" as a "stunt" in an interview. Jason's death divided fans at the time. Many readers celebrated, some hoping it meant that Dick could become Robin again. Others lamented how bloodthirsty comic book readers were. O'Neil and the Batman team received hate mail and angry phone calls; according to O'Neil, the calls ranged from You bastard,' to tearful grandmothers saying, 'My grandchild loved Robin and I don't know what to tell him. Frank Miller was critical, calling the story "the most cynical thing [DC] has ever done ... fans can call in to put the axe to a little boy's head. To me the whole killing of Robin thing was probably the ugliest thing I've seen in comics". NPR cultural critic Glen Weldon found the criticism to be ironic, as it was Miller who came up with the idea of the Joker killing Jason in The Dark Knight Returns. ===Retrospective=== Critics have agreed with the decision to kill Jason in retrospect. Sims wrote that killing Jason was "unquestionably the right decision" and made for a far better story. He opined that allowing the Joker to defeat Batman enhanced both characters: the Joker became "a deadly threat... whose actions have lasting consequences", while Batman had "a motivating loss at a time when new readers were coming in". Hilary Goldstein of IGN and Jamie Hailstone of Den of Geek praised the story's handling of Jason's death for its emotion and portraying the dangers of superheroics. Retrospective reviewers have faulted "A Death in the Family" for its plot. Hailstone described "A Death in the Family" as "the ultimate 80s epic": "brasher than Top Gun, louder than Hulk Hogan and more implausible than The A-Team". Both Hailstone and Goldstein found the plot hard to believe, and Hailstone said that it veers into nonsense when the Joker is appointed as an ambassador. Charles Prefore, writing for Screen Rant, said the story "can't decide if it wants to be fun or dark"; while Jason's torture and death at the hands of the Joker is quite somber, elements like the "globetrotting nature of the story" and the Joker becoming an ambassador for Iran are evocative of the goofy Silver Age of Comic Books. Prefore said the story's grim moments, which caused "A Death in the Family" to gain a reputation as one of the darkest Batman stories, overshadow the rest of its outlandishness. "A Death in the Family" remains a popular story among readers, and despite their reservations over the plot, critics still deemed it worth reading. Hailstone called the story a "guilty pleasure" that, while not as groundbreaking as "Year One" or Batman: Son of the Demon (1987), was entertaining nonetheless, and Prefore summarized it as "a good read if you don't mind all the strangeness". Publications ranking it among the best Batman stories include IGN and Complex in 2014, and GamesRadar+ and Screen Rant in 2021. Sean T. Collins of Rolling Stone ranked it among the 15 Batman stories he considered "essential" to understanding the character, praising Aparo's art and how Starlin characterizes the Joker. ==Analysis== Despite Robin's status as one of the most famous sidekicks in comic book history, there has been little literary analysis of "A Death in the Family". According to literary critic Kwasu Tembo, it is generally only discussed "as either a case study within a broader discussion of Batman's ethics, or as a case study of DC's editorial decisions and socio-historical engagement with its readership". The story's message is that Batman cannot save everyone, and it portrays Jason as a tragic figure whose sympathetic journey ends in death. Tembo contended that the death leaves the reader to ponder Jason's nature as "Batman's greatest failure, as an orphan betrayed, and/or as a careless and overzealous lost boy who reaped what he had so impulsively and thoughtlessly sown". Tembo theorized that Jason's death, as voted for by readers, "can be more thoroughly understood as a complex form of scapegoating", comparable to a public execution. Jason was unpopular because he struggled to live up to the standard of his predecessor Dick, which made him a "bad" Robin. This created jealousy among readers, who concluded that Jason was unfit to be Robin. Citing René Girard's theory of mimetic desire, Tembo wrote that O'Neil's decision to let fans determine Jason's fate created a "mimetic crisis" because readers "could now not only influence [Jason's] existence in the story world, but in being given this power, compete against him". Readers instead saw themselves as more fit to be Batman's partner; by voting to kill Jason, they thought they were helping Batman. Tembo noted the closeness of the vote indicated fans may not have despised Jason as much as commonly believed. Fans who voted to save Jason may have voted to preserve the classic status quo, or because they found the Joker murdering a child during an emotional period in his life unsettling. === Depiction of Islam === thumb|right|As an Iranian ambassador, the Joker wears a traditional Arab headdress and robes although Iran is not an Arab country. Art by Jim Aparo, Mike DeCarlo, and Adrienne Roy "A Death in the Family" has been criticized as Islamophobic for its portrayal of Arab terrorists. The terrorists are portrayed as anti-American, anti-Israel fanatics who seek to violently take over the Western world. They are referred to as "bandits-in- bedsheets" and depicted as unshaved and always holding weapons, while Jamal, the terrorist leader, is overweight and perpetually sneering. In a 1991 study of Arab terrorist depictions in comic books, Jack Shaheen wrote that "A Death in the Family" conflates Arabs, Muslims and terrorists, and equates them to the Joker, an insane supervillain. Jehanzeb Dar and Shaheen cited the Joker's speech to the General Assembly as a particularly egregious example of Islamophobia in "A Death in the Family". Before he attempts to poison the chamber, the Joker gloats: Dar described the Joker's speech as blatant Islamophobia disguised as humor. Shaheen and Dar argued "A Death in the Family" promotes the idea of "Them vs. Us", pitting the Arab and Western worlds against each other as diametrically opposed in values. The story contains errors in its depiction of the Middle East. Starlin writes Batman as speaking Farsi, the Persian language, in Beirut (where Arabic is actually the commonly spoken language), and the Joker dons a traditional Arab headdress and robes as the Iranian ambassador, although Iran is not an Arab country. Dar concluded that and [DC]'s disregard for cultural, religious, and political accuracy simply points to a crude and racist generalization: Arabs, Iranians, and Muslims are all the 'same' and 'hate' the West." ==Legacy== "A Death in the Family" was part of the American comic book industry's trend towards "grim and gritty" comics in the late 1980s, and is remembered as one of DC's most controversial storylines. Chris Snellgrove of Looper described the scenes depicting Jason's torture and death—with the Joker covered in his blood— as "one of the most disturbing moments in the publisher's long history". DC editors took the lessons they learned from the controversy and used media coverage for publicity when killing off major characters in the future, such as Superman in "The Death of Superman" (1992–1993). Although "A Death in the Family" sold well, it harmed Starlin's standing at DC. DC's licensing department was infuriated over the death because of the amount of merchandise—such as lunchboxes and pajamas—that bore Robin's likeness. According to Starlin, "everybody got mad, and they needed somebody to blame—so I got blamed." Work quickly declined for him, and within six months he departed DC and returned to Marvel Comics, where he wrote The Infinity Gauntlet (1991). ===Effect on future stories=== "A Death in the Family" is regarded as one of the most important Batman comics for its effect on future Batman stories. The story altered the DC Universe: instead of killing anonymous bystanders, the Joker murdered a core character in the Batman fiction. Alongside The Killing Joke (which featured Barbara Gordon, Batgirl, being shot in the stomach and paralyzed) and the success of the 1989 Batman film, "A Death in the Family" pushed the Batman mythos in a darker direction. It portrayed Batman as more violent and emotional following Jason's death, and for the next decade of comic book canon, he was haunted by his failure to save him. Conway felt that the storyline allowed for "the entrance of the real 'Dark Knight', the idea of Batman as the pitiless enforcer of Gotham". When the DC Universe canon was rebooted during DC's 2011 New 52 reboot, the events of "A Death in the Family" were left intact because DC editors deemed it too important. Jason was likely to be replaced as Robin regardless of his survival. O'Neil wanted to wait a year for a successor, but DC management demanded a new Robin immediately. O'Neil and Wolfman began developing the character of Tim Drake, who debuted in the 1989 storyline "A Lonely Place of Dying" by Wolfman, Pérez, and Aparo. O'Neil arranged for a nuanced introduction that explained why Batman would need a new sidekick after Jason's death, and Drake was designed to appeal to both Jason's fans and detractors. Drake proved popular and starred in several limited series and a 1993–2009 ongoing series, until he was replaced by Damian Wayne in 2009. Damian shared Jason's willingness to go against Batman's wishes and use lethal force; Grant Morrison and Frazer Irving's Batman and Robin #13 (2010) featured a scene in which Damian beat the Joker with a crowbar, paralleling Jason's murder. Throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, Jason's death was one of the few comic book deaths that remained unreversed. Unlike traditional comic book deaths, Jason's was intended to stay permanent; at the time of "A Death in the Familys publication, O'Neil said that "it would be a really sleazy stunt to bring him back". A popular aphorism among comic book fans was that in comics, no characters stayed dead except Bucky Barnes, Uncle Ben, and Jason. (Marvel would revive Barnes in 2004 as the Winter Soldier.) Jason's revival was first teased in the "Hush" (2002–2003) storyline by Jeph Loeb and Jim Lee, which features Clayface impersonating an undead Jason to taunt Batman. After writer Judd Winick read "Hush", he wondered why DC never revived Jason. Winick and artist Doug Mahnke's 2004–2006 storyline "Under the Hood" revived him as the murderous vigilante Red Hood; the in-universe explanation for Jason's revival was that he was restored to life after Superboy-Prime punched the wall of a pocket dimension. Jason eventually re-joined Batman's supporting cast as an "on-again, off-again ally", and starred in the series Red Hood and the Outlaws (2011–2021). Despite his resurrection, in 2020 journalist Susana Polo noted Jason was still most famous for dying in "A Death in the Family". ===In other media=== Bruce Timm and Paul Dini considered adapting "A Death in the Family" for Batman: The Animated Series (1992–1995), but decided it was too violent. Instead, they omitted the Jason character and incorporated some of his characteristics in Drake when the series was rebranded as The New Batman Adventures (1997–1999). Event occurs from 6:04–6:35. The story was eventually adapted in the comic book sequel Batman: The Adventures Continue (2020), written by Dini and Alan Burnett and penciled by Ty Templeton. In the Adventures Continue adaptation, the Joker and Harley Quinn kidnap Jason, and the Joker beats him with a crowbar with intent to kill him. Harley objects to killing a child and finds Batman, who arrives as the warehouse is engulfed in flames due to hydrogen tanks. A wounded Jason begs for Batman to kill the Joker, but Batman instead tries to save him; Jason attempts to stop Batman but knocks over more hydrogen tanks, causing the explosion and his apparent death. Elements from "A Death in the Family" were incorporated in the 2010 DC Universe Animated Original Movies film Batman: Under the Red Hood, an adaptation of "Under the Hood" directed by Brandon Vietti. In the film, Ra's al Ghul (Jason Isaacs) hires the Joker (John DiMaggio) to distract Batman (Bruce Greenwood) and Jason (Jensen Ackles) while he destroys Europe's financial districts. They follow the Joker to Bosnia, where he kills Jason in similar fashion to "A Death in the Family". An interactive film adaptation, Batman: Death in the Family, was released in 2020. The film is a sequel to Under the Red Hood, Vietti again directing and the cast, with the exception of Vincent Martella replacing Ackles, reprising their roles. Similar to the voting system from the comic, the film allows viewers to determine if Jason lives or dies, leading to different scenarios that see him become Red Hood, Hush, or Red Robin. "A Death in the Family" is referenced in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU), a shared universe of superhero films based on DC characters. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016) features a damaged Robin suit on display in the Batcave, while Suicide Squad (2016) reveals that Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie) helped the Joker (Jared Leto) murder him. Zack Snyder's Justice League (the 2021 director's cut of Justice League (2017)) features a scene in which the Joker mocks Batman (Ben Affleck) for Robin's death. Though Warner Bros. and Suicide Squad director David Ayer stated that the dead Robin was Jason, Batman v Superman director Zack Snyder later said he had intended it to be Dick, unlike "A Death in the Family". Snyder had planned to explore Robin's death in detail in his Justice League sequels before their cancellation. Before the release of Zack Snyder's Justice League, Snyder proposed a comic book prequel to Batman v Superman that depicted Robin's death, but DC turned it down. In "Emperor Joker", a 2010 episode of Batman: The Brave and the Bold (2008–2011), a fourth wall-breaking Bat-Mite (Paul Reubens) references "A Death in the Family" and the 900 number, and Batman is briefly seen cradling a dead Robin. Jason's portrayal in the video game Batman: Arkham Knight (2015) was inspired by "A Death in the Family". The DC Universe and HBO Max streaming television series Titans (2018–present) features Jason as a central character portrayed by Curran Walters. After the second season episode "Deathstroke" (2019) ended on a cliffhanger with Deathstroke (Esai Morales) attempting to kill Jason, DC Universe held a poll in which fans could vote to determine Jason's fate. The poll was only intended as a reference to "A Death in the Family" and had no effect on the series, but elements from "A Death in the Family" were incorporated in the third season of Titans, which premiered in 2021. ==Notes== ==References== ===Citations=== ===Works cited=== * * * * * * * * * * ==External links== * Category:Joker (character) titles Category:1988 comics debuts Category:1988 comics endings Category:Comics by Jim Starlin Category:Comics set in Ethiopia Category:Comics set in Lebanon Category:Comics about death Category:Obscenity controversies in comics Category:Cultural depictions of Ruhollah Khomeini Category:DC Comics adapted into films
10230685	A Dead Sinking Story	A Dead Sinking Story is an album by the Japanese band Envy. The album was released on August 18, 2003 on Level Plane Records. It is their only album recorded with three guitarists; Daichi Takasugi joined before the creation of the album and left after the related tour. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Dairoku Seki – Drums *Tetsuya Fukagawa – Sequencer, Vocals *Nobukata Kawai – Guitar *Masahiro Tobita – Guitar *Manabu Nakagawa – Bass Guitar *Daichi Takasugi – Guitar *Takashi Kitaguchi – Engineering *Tatsuya Kase – Mastering ==Reception== Reception was almost uniformly positive, with Allmusic, Stylus Magazine, and Punknews.org all praising the album's hybrid of emo, screamo, and post-rock. ==References== * Category:2003 albums Category:Level Plane Records albums Category:Envy (band) albums
10254892	A Flat Man	A Flat Man is an album by Ivor Cutler. Originally released in 1998 on Creation Records, it was re-released in 2008 by Hoorgi House Records, a label set up by Ivor Cutler's family after his death. ==Track listing== ==References== Category:Ivor Cutler albums Category:1998 albums Category:Creation Records albums
10381993	A Doll's House (1973 Losey film)	A Doll's House is a 1973 drama film directed by Joseph Losey, based on the 1879 play A Doll's House by Henrik Ibsen. It stars Jane Fonda in the role of Nora Helmer and David Warner as her domineering husband, Torvald. Losey's version of the play was extensively adapted for film. From Ibsen's expository dialogue, entire new scenes were developed by British dramatist David Mercer and integrated through a number of invented sets. ==Plot== Set in nineteenth century Norway, Ibsen's A Doll's House focuses on the married life of banker Torvald Helmer and his wife Nora. A young middle-class couple with three small children, their seemingly respectable marriage is revealed to be a broken and bloodless matter. The Helmers live in an unequal partnership, dominated by Torvald. Although he professes to love her, Torvald constantly chides Nora for what he calls her careless and childlike nature; he often calls her his "doll". He proudly thinks of himself as the family's breadwinner and protector, but he remains unaware of the secret that Nora holds: she had saved him, when he had become seriously ill and very nearly destitute. Without his knowledge, she had borrowed a large sum of money so that he could temporarily retire and recuperate. She told him the money had been inherited from her family; in truth it had been a private loan from Nils Krogstad, one of Torvald's coworkers. Nora has been scrupulously repaying him in small installments skimmed from her household allowance. Torvald, it turns out, already holds the boorish Krogstad in contempt for various reasons. When Torvald is appointed bank director, one of his first acts is to fire his unlikable coworker. The desperate Krogstad attempts to blackmail Nora – she must persuade Torvald to keep him on the job, or he will tell all about the secret loan. Its existence would be embarrassment enough for Nora, but Krogstad threatens to reveal the most shocking news of all: Nora had forged her father's signature as a co-signer on the contract. The story includes important subplots regarding the unexpected tenderness of Krogstad (toward Nora's friend Kristine, his old flame) and the quixotic love interest (toward Nora) of the elderly Dr. Rank. But the essential conflict comes when Torvald gets a letter from Krogstad describing the loan. Indignantly, Torvald pours scorn on his wife for her morals, intellect, and financial sense; he cuts short her explanations, and declares that she will be allowed no hand in raising their children. His fury seems infinite until suddenly a second letter from Krogstad arrives. It contains Nora's contract, complete with forged signature and surrendered without explanation. Torvald holds the incriminating evidence in his hand, utterly relieved, and begins to make weak apologies for his outburst. But in the meantime Nora has had a transformational realization about her love and marriage. She stands up to Torvald, explains her new vision, and then – against all customs of the day – walks out on him forever. ==Cast== * Jane Fonda – Nora Helmer * David Warner – Torvald Helmer * Trevor Howard – Dr. Rank * Delphine Seyrig – Kristine Linde * Edward Fox – Nils Krogstad * Ingrid Natrud – Helene the maid * Pierre Oudry – Olssen the porter * Anna Wing – Anne-Marie the nanny * The Helmers' children were portrayed by Morten Floor (Bob), Tone Floor (Emmy), and Frode Lien (Ivar). * Krogstad's son and daughter were portrayed by Dagfinn Hertzberg and Ellen Holm. ==Production== The cinematographer was Gerry Fisher, who had a long professional relationship with Losey beginning in the mid-1960s during the director's British period and including such titles as Accident (1967), The Go-Between (1971), and Don Giovanni (1979). ===Adaptation=== Ibsen's three-act play was adapted to a screenplay by Losey in collaboration with British dramatist David Mercer.Gardner, p. 234. The original text takes place in a single room in a single day, but the Mercer/Losey version is expanded. Much of the expository dialogue of Act I is converted into an extensive prologue. Events that are only discussed by the actors in the Ibsen play – such as the early friendship of Nora and Kristine, the romance and breakup of Kristine and Krogstad, the life-threatening illness of Torvald, and the death of Nora's father – are all fleshed out in full separate scenes at the start of the film.Gardner, pp. 234; 239. The one-room setting of Ibsen's original is a deliberate device suggestive of Nora's isolation and her imprisonment within her marriage. In the film, however, multiple locations outside the Helmer house are used for visual explication, and to lend dramatic emphasis to plot points. Even within the house, the camera moves from room to room, revealing not just the physical comforts of their home but also its confining nature – its "deadly insularity".Gardner, p. 239. The combined effect of Losey's alterations have been praised by some critics for giving the work a comprehensively cinematic quality, and make it "a film rather than a photographed play". Losey intended his added scenes to step beyond a plain visualization of Ibsen's dialogue and achieve artistic merit in their own right. Critic Colin Gardner has commented on one example at the start of the film: "just as we see Nora and Kristine skidding excitedly across the surface of the pond, we also spot a static, black-coated figure lurking ominously outside the teahouse in the exact centre of the shot (i.e. at the spatial vanishing point). This turns out to be Krogstad, steeling himself for his fateful rejection by Kristine. The sweet purity of youth is thus already tainted by the acrid taste of the social outcast – the future man of vengeance – and the source of Nora's own financial enslavement."Gardner, p. 240. Other critics found Losey's bold changes to be off-putting, even blasphemous. Writing in The New York Times, Nora Sayre complained bitterly that the film had been "fattened with feeble lines and even short scenes that the old genius didn't write". ===Filming=== Filming took place in the Norwegian town of Røros, where local residents served as extras for the exterior scenes. ===Music=== French composer Michel Legrand provided the musical soundtrack, a "bright, horn-dominated neoclassical score".Gardner, p. 240. ===Cast and director conflict=== Fonda's feminist sensibilities not only informed her performance but also her relationship with Losey. The director, who had a history of stormy relationships with his leading ladies, earned the ire of both Fonda and Delphine Seyrig before the film was even released. In a letter from June 1973, Fonda assailed Losey for making "anti-feminist remarks to the press", and charging that "your [Losey's] inability to deal with, to countenance, strong women... has done irreparable harm to the film".Gardner, p. 231. On a personal note, she added: "I was never able to penetrate your paranoia or snobbery while we were working together". Losey, for his part, grumbled that Fonda had "little sense of humor" and "was spending most of her time working on her political speeches, instead of learning her lines". ==Release== A Doll's House was first aired in the United States on the ABC television network on 23 December 1973.Erskine, et al, p. 97. It had been shown at the 1973 New York Film Festival, and was screened at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival, but wasn't entered into the main competition. In June 1980, it was given a nine-day run at one of the Laemmle Theatres in Los Angeles. Losey's film was one of two English-language versions of Ibsen's play released in 1973: the other version was directed by Patrick Garland and stars Claire Bloom and Anthony Hopkins.Erskine, et al, p. 95. The coincidental competition for a relatively small audience meant commercial difficulties for both films. ==Reception== The choice of Fonda for the principal role has always elicited some commentary on her casting and performance.Bleiler, p. 165.Maltin, p. 640. Known as a high-profile supporter of feminism, Fonda took the role at a time when the U.S. women's rights movement was at its peak.Erskine, et al, pp. 95–96. Many film critics praised Fonda's work – Leonard Maltin cited it as the main reason to see the film (which he otherwise deemed only "moderately successful"). Charles Champlin likewise praised her performance, and wrote that her contemporary persona dovetailed well with Mercer's dialogue, which "skillfully drops the stilted period rhetoric without going colloquial or slangy". Some critics have suggested that the film suffers under the weight of Fonda's public image. Professor Neil Sinyard wrote, "Perhaps the star's own feminist associations obscure our vision of the character's blind and painful quest towards self-awareness and undermine the shock of Nora's startling decision (startling, that is, to a nineteenth century audience) to walk out on her husband and children."Sinyard, p. 176. More bluntly, Rex Reed wrote that Fonda's "star personality" undercut her performance in an otherwise admirable production: "One never believes her as the macaroon-munching birdbrain or the charming coquette or the toy wife. In the great scene of defiance at the end, she takes the film with a tank". ==References== ===Bibliography=== * * * * * == External links == * * Category:1973 films Category:1970s historical drama films Category:British historical drama films Category:Films shot at EMI- Elstree Studios Category:Films set in Norway Category:Films shot in Norway Category:French historical drama films Category:Films based on A Doll's House Category:Films directed by Joseph Losey Category:Films scored by Michel Legrand Category:English-language French films Category:1973 drama films Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s British films Category:1970s French films
1039311	A Hero of Our Time	A Hero of Our Time () is a novel by Mikhail Lermontov, written in 1839, published in 1840, and revised in 1841. It is an example of the superfluous man novel, noted for its compelling Byronic hero (or antihero) Pechorin and for the beautiful descriptions of the Caucasus. There are several English translations, including one by Vladimir Nabokov and Dmitri Nabokov in 1958. ==Grigory Alexandrovich Pechorin== Pechorin is the embodiment of the Byronic hero. Byron's works were of international repute and Lermontov mentions his name several times throughout the novel. According to the Byronic tradition, Pechorin is a character of contradiction. He is both sensitive and cynical. He is possessed of extreme arrogance, yet has a deep insight into his own character and epitomizes the melancholy of the Romantic hero who broods on the futility of existence and the certainty of death. Pechorin's whole philosophy concerning existence is oriented towards the nihilistic, creating in him somewhat of a distanced, alienated personality. The name Pechorin is drawn from that of the Pechora River, in the far north, as a homage to Alexander Pushkin's Eugene Onegin, named after the Onega River. Pechorin treats women as an incentive for endless conquests and does not consider them worthy of any particular respect. He considers women such as Princess Mary to be little more than pawns in his games of romantic conquest, which in effect hold no meaning in his listless pursuit of pleasure. This is shown in his comment on Princess Mary: "I often wonder why I'm trying so hard to win the love of a girl I have no desire to seduce and whom I'd never marry." The only contradiction in Pechorin's attitude to women are his genuine feelings for Vera, who loves him despite, and perhaps due to, all his faults. At the end of "Princess Mary" one is presented with a moment of hope as Pechorin gallops after Vera. The reader almost assumes that a meaning to his existence may be attained and that Pechorin can finally realize that true feelings are possible. Yet a lifetime of superficiality and cynicism cannot be so easily eradicated and when fate intervenes and Pechorin's horse collapses, he undertakes no further effort to reach his one hope of redemption: "I saw how futile and senseless it was to pursue lost happiness. What more did I want? To see her again? For what?” Pechorin's chronologically last adventure was first described in the book, showing the events that explain his upcoming fall into depression and retreat from society, resulting in his self-predicted death. The narrator is Maxim Maximytch telling the story of a beautiful Circassian princess, "Bela", whom Azamat abducts for Pechorin in exchange for Kazbich's horse. Maxim describes Pechorin's exemplary persistence to convince Bela to give herself sexually to him, in which she with time reciprocates. After living with Bela for some time, Pechorin starts explicating his need for freedom, which Bela starts noticing, fearing he might leave her. Though Bela is completely devoted to Pechorin, she says she's not his slave, rather a daughter of a Circassian tribal chieftain, also showing the intention of leaving if he "doesn't love her". Maxim's sympathy for Bela makes him question Pechorin's intentions. Pechorin admits he loves her and is ready to die for her, but "he has a restless fancy and insatiable heart, and that his life is emptier day by day". He thinks his only remedy is to travel, to keep his spirit alive. However, Pechorin's behavior soon changes after Bela gets kidnapped by his enemy Kazbich, and becomes mortally wounded. After two days of suffering in delirium Bela spoke of her inner fears and her feelings for Pechorin, who listened without once leaving her side. After her death, Pechorin becomes physically ill, loses weight and becomes unsociable. After meeting with Maxim again, he acts coldly and antisocial, explicating deep depression and disinterest in interaction. He soon dies on his way back from Persia, admitting before that he is sure to never return. Pechorin described his own personality as self- destructive, admitting he himself doesn't understand his purpose in the world of men. His boredom with life, feeling of emptiness, forces him to indulge in all possible pleasures and experiences, which soon, cause the downfall of those closest to him. He starts to realize this with Vera and Grushnitsky, while the tragedy with Bela soon leads to his complete emotional collapse. His crushed spirit after this and after the duel with Grushnitsky can be interpreted that he is not the detached character that he makes himself out to be. Rather, it shows that he suffers from his actions. Yet many of his actions are described both by himself and appear to the reader to be arbitrary. Yet this is strange as Pechorin's intelligence is very high (typical of a Byronic hero). Pechorin's explanation as to why his actions are arbitrary can be found in the last chapter where he speculates about fate. He sees his arbitrary behaviour not as being a subconscious reflex to past moments in his life but rather as fate. Pechorin grows dissatisfied with his life as each of his arbitrary actions lead him through more emotional suffering which he represses from the view of others. ==Cultural references== Albert Camus' novel The Fall begins with an excerpt from Lermontov's foreword to A Hero of Our Time: "Some were dreadfully insulted, and quite seriously, to have held up as a model such an immoral character as A Hero of Our Time; others shrewdly noticed that the author had portrayed himself and his acquaintances. A Hero of Our Time, gentlemen, is in fact a portrait, but not of an individual; it is the aggregate of the vices of our whole generation in their fullest expression." In Ian Fleming's From Russia with Love the plot revolves upon Soviet agent Tatiana Romanova feigning an infatuation with MI6's James Bond and offering to defect to the West provided he'll be sent to pick her up in Istanbul, Turkey. The Soviets elaborate a complex backstory about how she spotted the file about the English spy during her clerical work at SMERSH headquarters and became smitten with him, making her state that his picture made her think of Lermontov's Pechorin. The fact that Pechorin was anything but a 'hero' or even a positive character at all in Lermontov's narration stands to indicate Fleming's wry self-deprecating wit about his most famous creation; the irony is lost, however, on western readers not familiar with Lermontov's work. In Ingmar Bergman's 1963 film The Silence, the young son is seen reading the book in bed. In the opening sequence of Bergman's next film, Persona (1966), the same child actor is seen waking in what appears to be a mortuary and reaching for the same book. Claude Sautet's film A Heart in Winter (Un cœur en hiver) was said to be based on "his memories of" the Princess Mary section. The relationship with Lermontov's work is quite loose – the film takes place in contemporary Paris, where a young violin repairer (played by Daniel Auteuil) seeks to seduce his business partner's girlfriend, a gifted violinist named Camille, into falling for his carefully contrived charms. He does this purely for the satisfaction of gaining control of her emotionally, while never loving her sincerely. He is a modern-day Pechorin. ==Quotations== *"My whole life has been merely a succession of miserable and unsuccessful denials of feelings or reason." *"...I am not capable of close friendship: of two close friends, one is always the slave of the other, although frequently neither of them will admit it. I cannot be a slave, and to command in such circumstances is a tiresome business, because one must deceive at the same time." *"Afraid of being judged, I buried my finer feelings in the depths of my heart and they died there." *"It is difficult to convince women of something; one must lead them to believe that they have convinced themselves." *"What of it? If I die, I die. It will be no great loss to the world, and I am thoroughly bored with life. I am like a man yawning at a ball; the only reason he does not go home to bed is that his carriage has not arrived yet." *"When I think of imminent and possible death, I think only of myself; some do not even do that. Friends, who will forget me tomorrow, or, worse still, who will weave God knows what fantastic yarns about me; and women, who in the embrace of another man will laugh at me in order that he might not be jealous of the departed—what do I care for them?" *"Women! Women! Who will understand them? Their smiles contradict their glances, their words promise and lure, while the sound of their voices drives us away. One minute they comprehend and divine our most secret thoughts, and the next, they do not understand the clearest hints." *"There are two men within me – one lives in the full sense of the word, the other reflects and judges him. In an hour's time the first may be leaving you and the world for ever, and the second? ... the second? ..." *"To cause another person suffering or joy, having no right to so—isn't that the sweetest food of our pride? What is happiness but gratified pride?" *"I'll hazard my life, even my honor, twenty times, but I will not sell my freedom. Why do I value it so much? What am I preparing myself for? What do I expect from the future? in fact, nothing at all." * Grushnitski (to Pechorin): "Mon cher, je haïs les hommes pour ne pas les mépriser car autrement la vie serait une farce trop dégoûtante." ("My friend, I hate people to avoid despising them because otherwise, life would become too disgusting a farce.") * Pechorin (replying to Grushnitski): "Mon cher, je méprise les femmes pour ne pas les aimer car autrement la vie serait un mélodrame trop ridicule" ("My friend, I despise women to avoid loving them because otherwise, life would become too ridiculous a melodrama.") *"Passions are merely ideas in their initial stage." *"I was prepared to love the whole world . . . I learned to hate." *"Whether I am a fool or a villain I know not; but this is certain, I am also most deserving of pity – perhaps more so than she. My soul has been spoiled by the world, my imagination is unquiet, my heart insatiate. To me everything is of little moment. I have become as easily accustomed to grief as to joy, and my life grows emptier day by day." *"That is just like human beings! They are all alike; though fully aware in advance of all the evil aspects of a deed, they aid and abet and even give their approbation to it when they see there is no other way out—and then they wash their hands of it and turn away with disapproval from him who dared assume the full burden of responsibility. They are all alike, even the kindest and wisest of them!" *"Women love only the men they don't know." ==Stage adaptation== In 2011 Alex Mcsweeney adapted the novel into an English-language playscript. Previewed at the International Youth Arts Festival in Kingston upon Thames, Surrey, UK in July, it subsequently premiered in August of the same year at Zoo Venues in the Edinburgh Fringe Festival. Critics received it positively, generally giving 4- and 5-star reviews. In 2014, German stage director Kateryna Sokolova adapted the novel focusing on its longest novella, Princess Mary. The play, directed by Kateryna Sokolova, premiered at the Schauspielhaus Zürich on 28 May. The production received universal acclaim, especially praising it for not having lost "neither the linguistic finesse nor the social paralysis of Lermontov’s Zeitgeist", both of which constitute the novel's Byronic character. On July 22, 2015, The Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow premiered a ballet adaptation of Hero of Our Time. The ballet was choreographed by San Francisco Ballet's Choreographer in Residence, Yuri Possokhov, and directed by Kirill Serebrennikov - who is also the author of the libretto. The score was commissioned purposefully for this production and composed by Ilya Demutsky. This production focuses on three novellas from Lermontov's novel - Bela, Taman, and Princess Mary. ==Bibliography of English translations== Translations:Based on B. L. Kandel, Bibliography of translations of "A Hero of Our Time" into foreign languages (Russian); published in: A Hero of Our Time. Moscow, 1962, pp. 209–210.Translations from Longworth on as cited in COPAC catalogue. #Sketches of Russian life in the Caucasus. By a Russe, many years resident amongst the various mountain tribes. London: Ingram, Cook and Co., 1853. 315 pp. "The illustrated family novelist" series, #2. (a liberal translation with changed names of the heroes; "Taman" not translated). #The hero of our days. Transl. by Theresa Pulszky. London: T. Hodgson, 1854. 232 pp. "The Parlour Library". Vol.112. ("Fatalist" not translated). #A hero of our own times. Now first transl. into English. London: Bogue, 1854. 231 pp., ill. (the first full translation of the novel by an anonymous translator). #A hero of our time. Transl. by R. I. Lipmann. London: Ward and Downey, 1886. XXVIII, 272 pp. ("Fatalist" not translated). #Taman. In: Tales from the Russian. Dubrovsky by Pushkin. New year's eve by Gregorowitch. Taman by Lermontoff. London: The Railway and general automatic library, 1891, pp. 229–251. #Russian reader: Lermontof's modern hero, with English translation and biographical sketch by Ivan Nestor-Schnurmann. Cambridge: Univ. press, 1899. XX, 403 pp. (a dual language edition; "Fatalist" not translated) #Maxim Maximich. — In: Wiener L. Anthology of Russian literature. T. 2, part 2. London—N.Y., 1903, pp. 157–164. (a reduced version of the "Maxim Maximich" chapter). #The heart of a Russian. Transl. by J. H. Wisdom and Marr Murray. London: Herbert and Daniel, 1912. VII, 335 pp. (also published in 1916 by Hodder and Stoughton, London—N.Y.—Toronto). #The duel. Excerpt from The hero of our own time. Transl. by T. Pulszky. — In: A Russian anthology in English. Ed. by C. E. B. Roberts. N. Y.: 1917, pp. 124–137. #A traveling episode. — In: Little Russian masterpieces. Transl. by Z. A. Ragozin. Vol. 1. N. Y.: Putnam, 1920, pp. 165–198. (an excerpt from the novel). #A hero of nowadays. Transl. by John Swinnerton Phillimore. London: Nelson, 1924. #Taman'. — In: Chamot A. Selected Russian short stories. Transl. by A. E. Chamot. London, 1925—1928, pp. 84—97. #A hero of our time. Transl. by Reginald Merton. Mirsky. London: Allan, 1928. 247 pp. #Fatalist. Story. Transl. by G.A. Miloradowitch. — In: Golden Book Magazine. Vol. 8. N. Y., 1928, pp. 491—493. #A hero of our own times. Transl. by Eden and Cedar Paul for the Lermontov centenary. London: Allen and Unwin, 1940. 283 pp. (also published by Oxford Univ. Press, London—N.Y., 1958). #Bela. Transl. by Z. Shoenberg and J. Domb. London: Harrap, 1945. 124 pp. (a dual language edition). #A hero of our time. Transl. by Martin Parker. Moscow: Foreign languages publ. house, 1947. 224 pp., ill. (republished in 1951 and 1956; also published by Collet's Holdings, London, 1957). #A hero of our time. A novel. Transl. by Vladimir Nabokov in collab. with Dmitri Nabokov. Garden City, N.Y.: Doubleday, 1958. XI, 216 pp. "Doubleday Anchor Books". #A Lermontov reader. Ed., transl., and with an introd. by Guy Daniels. New York: Grosset & Dunlap, 1965. #A hero of our time. Transl. with an introduction by Paul Foote. Harmondsworth, Middlesex: Penguin Books, 1966. #Major poetical works. Transl., with an introduction and commentary by Anatoly Liberman. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press, 1983. #Vadim. Transl. by Helena Goscilo. Ann Arbor: Ardis Publishers, 1984. #A hero of our time. Transl. with an introduction and notes by Natasha Randall; foreword by Neil Labute. New York: Penguin, 2009. #A hero of our time. Translated by Philip Longworth. With an afterword by William E. Harkins, London, 1964, & New York : New American Library, 1964 #A hero of our time. Transl. by Martin Parker, revised and edited by Neil Cornwell, London: Dent, 1995 #A hero of our time. Transl. by Alexander Vassiliev, London: Alexander Vassiliev 2010. (a dual language edition). #A hero of our time. Transl. by Nicholas Pasternak Slater, Oxford World's Classics, 2013. ==See also== * Romanticism * Tragic hero ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== *Full text (English translation) of "A Hero of Our Time" at Eldritch Press . * *Full text of A Hero of Our Time in the original Russian *Website dedicated to the novel A Hero of Our Time *Study guides for A Hero of Our Time at Bibliomania *Website for the Premiere of the English Language Adaptation. *Review of A Hero of Our Time stage production Category:1840 Russian novels Category:Russian-language novels Category:Novels by Mikhail Lermontov Category:Novels set in 19th-century Russia Category:Russian novels adapted into plays Category:Self-reflexive novels
10399316	A Flowering Tree	A Flowering Tree is an opera in two acts composed by John Adams with libretto by Adams and Peter Sellars, and commissioned by the New Crowned Hope Festival in Vienna, the San Francisco Symphony, the Barbican Centre in London, the Lincoln Center in New York City, and the Berliner Philharmoniker. The story is based on an ancient Indian folk tale of the same title with translations by Attipat Krishnaswami Ramanujan.Boosey & Hawkes, A Flowering Tree accessed 28 November 2014 The opera resembles Mozart's The Magic Flute in some ways; both operas adapt folk tales, in this case one from southern India, "describing a young couple undergoing rituals and trials to discover the transfiguring power of love." This parallel was intended by the composer as the opera was commissioned to celebrate the 250th anniversary of Mozart’s birth. It is set for a small cast of three singers (baritone for the narrator, tenor for the prince, and lyric soprano for Kamudha), a large chorus (SATB), and three dancers. ==Performance history== The opera premiered on 14 November 2006 in the MuseumsQuartier Halle E in Vienna with Eric Owens as the narrator, Russell Thomas as the prince, Jessica Rivera as Kumudha, Orquesta Joven Camerata de Venezuela and the Schola Cantorum de Venezuela all under the direction of John Adams in a production of Peter Sellars co-commissioned by New Crowned Hope. In February 2015, James Darrah directed a new production of A Flowering Tree for Opera Omaha conducted by Christopher Rountree. ==Synopsis== Kumudha, a beautiful young woman who comes from an impoverished family, is worried about her old and suffering mother. Kumudha discovers that she has the magical ability to transform herself into a flowering tree. With the help of her sisters, Kumudha turns herself into a tree with the intent that her sisters gather and sell the flowers from her branches. Her sisters gather the flowers off the tree and Kumudha returns to her human form. They sell the flowers in the local marketplace and return to their mother who receives the money with no explanation from her daughters. Kumudha and her sisters decide to once again sell flowers and she transforms into a tree yet again. The transformation is witnessed by a young Prince who is concealed in a nearby tree. He is at once infatuated and disturbed by Kumudha's magic and beauty. He resolves to marry Kumudha and upon returning to the palace convinces his father, the King, to order Kumudha to be brought to the palace so that he can marry her. Following their wedding the Prince becomes silent and sullen and, to the distress of Kumudha, the couple spends several nights without speaking or touching each other. The silence is finally broken when the Prince reveals he knows about Kumudha's magic and demands that she transform for him. Ashamed, Kumudha resists but eventually gives in. Meanwhile, out of jealousy the Prince’s sister has spied on Kumudha and the prince witnessing her transformation. When the Prince leaves the next day she taunts Kumudha and commands her to transform for her wealthy young friends. Reluctantly, Kumudha agrees. In the midst of the ritual however, the princess and her friends lose interest and leave. By breaking the magical ritual Kumudha is stuck in an in- between state where she is not entirely tree or entirely human. Now a hideous creature, Kumudha crawls into a gutter, where she is found by a wandering band of minstrels. Upon returning to the court, the Prince discovers his wife is missing. When he does not find her he assumes that his arrogance has driven her away. Feeling guilt and remorse, the prince decides to become a wandering beggar and mute in order to punish himself. After several years pass, the prince stumbles into the palace courtyard of a distant city where his sister is now a Queen. He is haggard and almost unrecognizable, but the Queen recognizes her brother and brings him into the palace where she bathes and feeds him. The prince, however, will not speak to her and is despondent. In the town marketplace, several of the queen’s maids see the minstrel troupe and hear the beautiful singing of a freakish thing with neither hands nor feet. They bring this strange and misshapen torso to the palace and suggest that its beautiful singing might revive the Prince. Not knowing that this is Kumudha, the Queen orders her to be bathed and covered with scented oils and brought to the Prince’s bed. Alone, Kumudha and Prince recognize one another. They are both overcome with grief and then with joy. He takes two pitchers of water and performs the old ceremony. Kumudha returns to her human form. ==Orchestration== The score calls for piccolo, two flutes, two oboes, two English horns, soprano recorder, alto recorder, two clarinets, bass clarinet, bassoon, contrabassoon, four horns, two trumpets, three trombones, timpani, two percussion, harp, celesta and strings. ==Recordings== *A Flowering Tree with the London Symphony Orchestra, the Schola Cantorum de Venezuela and conducted by the composer John Adams. Also with Eric Owens as the narrator, Russell Thomas as the prince, and Jessica Rivera as Kumudha. Recorded in 2007 and released in 2008 on Nonesuch Records.A Flowering Tree, Nonesuch Records ==References== ==External links== *John Adams' official website for a detailed synopsis, audio sample, and other information Category:Operas by John Adams (composer) Category:English-language operas Category:2006 operas Category:Operas based on literature Category:Operas Category:Multiple-language operas Category:Music commissioned by the Barbican Centre Category:Music commissioned by the Berlin Philharmonic Category:Music commissioned by the San Francisco Symphony
10534798	A Black and White World	A Black and White World is a 2005 Australian short film. It is the story of a character in a black-and-white silent film, who transcends the medium and in doing so changes with it. Written and directed by Adam White, the story pays homage to the era of film when silent pictures were being superseded by talkies. On a more simple level, it is a love story about the possibilities of change. The film was shot on Super16 in studios and locations in Melbourne during September and October 2004. Since screening to cast and crew at the Capitol Theatre, Melbourne in March 2005, A Black and White World has been selected to screen at various international film festivals including the Brisbane International Film Festival (Australia), the Telluride Film Festival (US), the Palm Springs International Festival of Short Films (US), the Manhattan Short Film Festival (US), the Calgary Film Festival (Canada), the Cardiff Film Festival (Wales), and Flickerfest (Australia). In 2006 the film was screened at the US Comedy Arts Festival (US) and the Boulder International Film Festival (US). ==Synopsis== A Black and White World is the story of Johnny (Scott Brennan – skitHOUSE), a character on a quest to win back the heart of Mary (Isabella Dunwill), his estranged girlfriend - Adam White based the story on his relationship with his ex-girlfriend. The film uses its simple narrative as a framework to take viewers on a rollercoaster ride through film history as Johnny escapes from his black & white silent filmstrip and encounters sound and colour for the first time. There is also a cameo performance from Benita Collings (Playschool). ==Cast== *Scott Brennan - Johnny *Benita Collings - Florist *Isabella Dunwill - Mary ==Awards== * In 2006 it won the eMovie/Digital Stories Award - Special Mention for Best Digital Video at the ARCIPELAGO-International Festival of Short Films and New Images ==References== * Silent Film Makes Big Noise IF, August 2005 * Silent Film Makes Big Noise Holmesglen Institute of TAFE, 8 August 2005 * From Blues to Black and White - The Age, 23 September 2005 * A Black and White World at the National Film and Sound Archive ==External links== * * * fonetikfilms.com Category:2005 films Category:Australian short films Category:Australian black- and-white films Category:Australian romantic fantasy films Category:2000s romantic fantasy films Category:2005 short films Category:2000s English- language films
10570204	A Gun Called Tension	A Gun Called Tension is a band with Dann Gallucci, from the bands Modest Mouse, The Murder City Devils, Triumph of Lethargy Skinned Alive to Death, and Sean Reveron of The Beta Band, Exodus 77, and The Free Association, and Spencer Moody, of the Murder City DevilsBand's MySpaceOfficial Page The band's sound is a mix of Dancehall, Hip-Hop, Ragga, and Electronic styles, although listeners seem to group them with Hip-Hop artists more.Listener Tags Their second album titled The Sub Sonic Sessions, is a combination of original and remixed work. Their first album featured guests like Roots Manuva, Airborne Audio, DJ's Andy Sells and Monesa Yamakawa, Coady Willis and Spencer Moody of Murder City Devils, Blood Brother Morgan Henderson, Pretty Girls Make Graves singer Andrea Zollo, and producer Phil Ek.Pitchfork Review ==Discography== * A Gun Called Tension (Cold Crush Records, 2005) * Sub Sonic Sessions (Rockers NYC Records,2007) * A Gun Called Tension (7") Split (Go Midnight Records,2006) ==See also== * Modest Mouse * Murder City Devils ==References== ==External links== * Official website * Rockers NYC label site Category:Electronic music groups from Washington (state)
1067891	A Hard Day's Night (song)	"A Hard Day's Night" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. Credited to Lennon–McCartney, it was written by John Lennon, with some minor collaboration from McCartney. It was released on the film soundtrack of the same name in 1964. It was also released as a single in the UK (with "Things We Said Today" as its B-side), and in the US (with "I Should Have Known Better" as its B-side.) The song featured prominently on the soundtrack to the Beatles' first feature film, A Hard Day's Night, and was on their album of the same name. The song topped the charts in both the United Kingdom and United States when it was released as a single. The American and British singles of "A Hard Day's Night", as well as both the American and British albums of the same title, held the top position in their respective charts simultaneously for a couple of weeks in August 1964, the first time any artist had accomplished this feat. ==Title== The song's title originated from something said by Ringo Starr, the Beatles' drummer. Starr described it this way in an interview with disc jockey Dave Hull in 1964: "We went to do a job, and we'd worked all day and we happened to work all night. I came up still thinking it was day I suppose, and I said, 'It's been a hard day …' and I looked around and saw it was dark so I said, '… night!' So we came to 'A Hard Day's Night.'" Starr's statement was the inspiration for the title of the film, which in turn inspired the composition of the song. According to Lennon in a 1980 interview with Playboy magazine: "I was going home in the car and Dick Lester [director of the movie] suggested the title, 'Hard Day's Night' from something Ringo had said. I had used it in In His Own Write [a book Lennon was writing then], but it was an off-the-cuff remark by Ringo. You know, one of those malapropisms. A Ringo-ism, where he said it not to be funny … just said it. So Dick Lester said, 'We are going to use that title.'" In a 1994 interview for The Beatles Anthology, however, McCartney disagreed with Lennon's recollections, basically stating that it was the Beatles, and not Lester, who had come up with the idea of using Starr's verbal misstep: "The title was Ringo's. We'd almost finished making the film, and this fun bit arrived that we'd not known about before, which was naming the film. So we were sitting around at Twickenham studios having a little brain-storming session … and we said, 'Well, there was something Ringo said the other day.' Ringo would do these little malapropisms, he would say things slightly wrong, like people do, but his were always wonderful, very lyrical … they were sort of magic even though he was just getting it wrong. And he said after a concert, 'Phew, it's been a hard day's night.'" In 1996, yet another version of events cropped up. In an Associated Press report, the producer of the film A Hard Day's Night, Walter Shenson, stated that Lennon described to Shenson some of Starr's funnier gaffes, including "a hard day's night", whereupon Shenson immediately decided that that was going to be the title of the movie (replacing other alternatives, including Beatlemania). Shenson then told Lennon that he needed a theme song for the film. ==Composition== Lennon dashed off the song in one night, and brought it in for comments the following morning. As he described in his 1980 Playboy interview, "the next morning I brought in the song … 'cuz there was a little competition between Paul and I as to who got the A-side – who got the hits. If you notice, in the early days the majority of singles, in the movies and everything, were mine … in the early period I'm dominating the group … The reason Paul sang on 'A Hard Day's Night' (in the bridge) is because I couldn't reach the notes." However, McCartney and others remember McCartney collaborating with Lennon. On 16 April 1964, the Beatles gathered at Studio 2 of the EMI Studios and recorded "A Hard Day's Night". It took them less than three hours to polish the song for its final release, eventually selecting the ninth take as the one to be released. Evening Standard journalist Maureen Cleave described a memorable taxi ride the morning the song was recorded: In the Associated Press report, Shenson described his recollection of what happened. At 8:30 in the morning, "There were John and Paul with guitars at the ready and all the lyrics scribbled on matchbook covers. They played it and the next night recorded it." Shenson declared, "It had the right beat and the arrangement was brilliant. These guys were geniuses." ==Opening chord== "A Hard Day's Night" is immediately identifiable by the unmistakable Rickenbacker 360/12 12-string guitar's "mighty opening chord" played by George Harrison. According to George Martin, "We knew it would open both the film and the soundtrack LP, so we wanted a particularly strong and effective beginning. The strident guitar chord was the perfect launch," having what Ian MacDonald called "a significance in Beatles lore matched only by the concluding E major of 'A Day in the Life', the two opening and closing the group's middle period of peak creativity". According to musicologist Jeremy Summerly, "the sound of this chord is the most discussed pop opening of all time."Summerly, J. (2019) "What is the opening chord of 'A Hard Day's Night'?" Analysis of the chord has been much debated, it having been described as G7add9sus4, G7sus4, or G11sus4 and others below. Part of the chord is an Fadd9 as confirmed by Harrison during an online chat on 15 February 2001: According to Walter Everett the opening chord has an introductory dominant function because McCartney plays D in the bass: Harrison and Martin play F A C G, over the bass D, on twelve- string guitar and piano respectively, giving the chord a mixture-coloured neighbour, F; two diatonic neighbours, A and C; plus an anticipation of the tonic, G – the major subtonic as played on guitar being a borrowed chord commonly used by the Beatles, first in "P.S. I Love You" (see mode mixture), and later in "Every Little Thing", "Tomorrow Never Knows" and "Got to Get You into My Life" (in the latter two against a tonic pedal). Alan W. Pollack also interprets the chord as a surrogate dominant, the G being an anticipation that resolves on the G major chord that opens the verse. He suggests it is a mixture of D minor, F major, and G major (missing the B). Tony Bacon calls it a Dm7sus4 (D F G A C), which is the minor seventh chord (plus the fourth, G) (for more information regarding chord functions see diatonic function). Everett points out that the chord relates to the Beatles' interest in pandiatonic harmony. Dominic Pedler has also provided an interpretation of the chord, with the Beatles and George Martin playing the following: *George Harrison: Fadd9 in 1st position on Rickenbacker 360/12 12-string electric guitar *John Lennon: Fadd9 in 1st position on a Gibson J-160E 6-string acoustic guitar *Paul McCartney: high D3 played on the D-string, 12th fret on Hofner 500/1 electric bass *George Martin: D2-G2-D3 played on a Steinway Grand Piano *Ringo Starr: subtle snare drum and ride cymbal This gives the notes: G-B-D-F-A-C (the B is a harmonic). One of the interesting things about this chord (as described by Pedler) is how McCartney's high bass note reverberates inside the soundbox of Lennon's acoustic guitar and begins to be picked up on Lennon's microphone or pick-up during the sounding of the chord. This gives the chord its special "wavy" and unstable quality. Pedler describes the effect as a "virtual pull-off". In 2004, Jason Brown, a mathematics professor at Dalhousie University, published a report titled "Mathematics, Physics and 'A Hard Day's Night'", in which he analysed the properties of the song's opening chord using Fourier transforms. He concluded that Martin's piano contribution provided the important element in the chord beside Harrison's playing. In November the following year, Wired published an article on Brown's use of Celemony's Melodyne Editor with Direct Note Access technology to further analyse the chord.Celemony’s Melodyne Makes Easy Work of 'Hard Day's Night'", Wired.com. Brown's findings were partly challenged in 2012 by another mathematician, Kevin Houston from the University of Leeds. Houston, who also used a Fourier transform, attributed a greater importance in Lennon's contribution on acoustic guitar, rather than the piano notes played by Martin. Harrison played a repeated guitar arpeggio, outlining the notes of the opening chord, thereby ending the song in a circular fashion. Martin said that the ending was his idea: "Again, that's film writing. I was stressing to them the importance of making the song fit, not actually finishing it but dangling on so that you're into the next mood." The song contains 12 other chords. ==Music== The song is composed in the key of G major and in a time signature. The verse features the VII or major subtonic chord that was a part of the opening chord as an ornament or embellishment below the tonic. Transposed down a perfect fifth, the modal frame of the song though pentatonic features a ladder of thirds axially centred on G with a ceiling note of B and floor note of E (the low C being a passing tone). According to Middleton, the song, "at first glance major-key-with-modal-touches", reveals through its "Line of Latent Mode" "a deep kinship with typical blues melodic structures: it is centred on three of the notes of the minor-pentatonic mode (E-G-B), with the contradictory major seventh (B) set against that. Moreover, the shape assumed by these notes – the modal frame – as well as the abstract scale they represent, is revealed, too; and this – an initial, repeated circling round the dominant (G), with an excursion to its minor third (B), 'answered' by a fall to the 'symmetrical' minor third of the tonic (E) – is a common pattern in blues." Lennon opens the twelve-measure-long verse and carries it along, suddenly joined at the end by McCartney, who then sings the bridge. ===Recording=== During the recording of "A Hard Day's Night", Lennon and McCartney doubletracked their vocals throughout including the chorus. Lennon sings the lead vocal on the verses and Paul sings lead on the middle eight. During the chorus, McCartney handles the high harmony and Lennon the low harmony. Take 7 reveals that the lyrics were still not set with Lennon singing "you make me feel all right" and McCartney and Harrison still unsteady with their respective lines, ending with Lennon chiding them with the line "I heard a funny chord". The instrumental break is played by Harrison on a Rickenbacker 12-string guitar, with Martin doubling on a piano, recorded to tape at half- speed and then sped up to normal. Recording this solo was the most time- consuming aspect of the session. A take that appeared on a bootleg in the 1980s reveals Harrison making multiple errors in his playing. In the description of Rolling Stones editors: "But by the time the session ended at 10 that night, he had sculpted one of his most memorable solos – an upward run played twice and capped with a circular flourish, with the church-bell chime of his guitar echoed on piano by Martin." The song closes with Harrison playing an arpeggio of the opening chord (Fadd9) during the fade-out. ===Lyrics=== The lyrics speak about the singer's devotion to his lover, and how he works so she can buy the things she wants. The singer sings about his tiredness when he comes home from work, but how the things that his lover does perk him up. ==Release and reception== "A Hard Day's Night" was first released to the United States, coming out on 26 June 1964 on the album A Hard Day's Night, the soundtrack to the film, and released by United Artists. It was the first song to be released before single release (see below). The United Kingdom first heard "A Hard Day's Night" when it was released there on 10 July 1964, both on the album A Hard Day's Night, and as a single, backed with "Things We Said Today" on the B-side. Both the album and single were released by Parlophone Records. The single began charting on 18 July 1964, a week later ousting the Rolling Stones' "It's All Over Now" from the top spot on the British charts on 25 July 1964, coincidentally the day when both the American and British albums too hit the peak of their respective charts. The single stayed on top for three weeks, and lasted another nine weeks in the charts afterwards. The American single on 1 August started a two-week-long run at the top, setting a new record – nobody before had ever held the number one position on both the album and singles charts in the United Kingdom and the United States at the same time. The Beatles were the only ones who had done this until 1970 when Simon and Garfunkel achieved the same feat with their album Bridge over Troubled Water and its title track. The song was the fifth of seven songs by the Beatles to hit number 1 in a one-year period, an all- time record on the US charts. In order, these were "I Want to Hold Your Hand", "She Loves You", "Can't Buy Me Love", "Love Me Do", "A Hard Day's Night", "I Feel Fine" and "Eight Days a Week". It was also the sixth of seven songs written by Lennon-McCartney to hit number 1 in 1964, an all-time record on the US charts for writing the most songs to hit number 1 in the same calendar year (see List of Billboard Hot 100 chart achievements and milestones). The song's opening chord and closing arpeggios were highly influential on the Byrds. After watching the film A Hard Day's Night and seeing Harrison's choice of guitar, Roger McGuinn adopted the Rickenbacker as his and the Byrds' signature instrument. In this way, according to author Andrew Grant Jackson, "A Hard Day's Night" "birthed" the folk-rock sound that the Byrds popularised in 1965. That same year, "A Hard Day's Night" won the Grammy Award for Best Performance by a Vocal Group. In 2004, Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song at number 153 on its list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. ==Personnel== According to Ian MacDonald: *John Lennon – double-tracked vocals (verses), electric and acoustic rhythm guitars *Paul McCartney – double-tracked vocals (middle- eight), harmony vocal, bass *George Harrison – lead electric twelve-string guitar *Ringo Starr – drums, bongos, cowbell *George Martin – piano, producer == In popular culture == * "A Hard Day's Night" was used as wake-up music on Space Shuttle Missions STS-30, STS-61, and STS-69. * The song was played to conclude the Channel Four breakfast programme The Channel Four Daily in 1992. ==Live renditions== The Beatles regularly played the song live throughout 1964 and 1965. During his 2016 One on One tour, Paul McCartney played the song for the first time as a solo artist and for the first time by a Beatle in half a century. The Beatles played it for the last time on 31 August 1965 at the Cow Palace in Daly City, California. ==Notable cover versions== Many artists have covered the song. Among the most notable is the single by Peter Sellers, a comedy version in which he recited the lyrics in the style of Laurence Olivier in the film Richard III. Sellers' version was a UK Top 20 hit in 1965. A version by Ramsey Lewis reached number 11 in Canada in February 1966. ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1964) Peak position Australian Kent Music Report 1 Finland (The Official Finnish Charts) 1 German Media Control Singles Chart 2 New Zealand (Lever Hit Parade)Flavour of New Zealand, 20 August 1964 1 South Africa (Springbok) 1 Sweden (Kvällstoppen) 1 Sweden (Tio i Topp) 1 US Cash Box Top 100 1 Chart (2015) Peak position Sweden Heatseeker (Sverigetopplistan) 20 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1964) Rank South Africa 14 UK 5 US Billboard Hot 100Musicoutfitters.com 13 US Cash Box 18 ==Certifications== ==Notes== ==References== * * * * Jason Brown's research on the opening chord. To hear the story, listen 12'35" into the broadcast. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Category:Songs about labor Category:The Beatles songs Category:1964 songs Category:1964 singles Category:Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles Category:Cashbox number-one singles Category:RPM Top Singles number-one singles Category:UK Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Number-one singles in Norway Category:Number-one singles in South Africa Category:Irish Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Parlophone singles Category:Song recordings produced by George Martin Category:Songs written by Lennon–McCartney Category:Otis Redding songs Category:Dionne Warwick songs Category:Chet Atkins songs Category:Capitol Records singles Category:Songs written for films Category:Songs published by Northern Songs Category:Film theme songs
1083442	A Hillbilly Tribute to ACDC	A Hillbilly Tribute to AC/DC is the first album by American band Hayseed Dixie, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music). The album consists of cover versions of hard rock AC/DC songs performed in bluegrass style. ==Track listing== #"Highway to Hell" (Bon Scott, Angus Young, Malcolm Young) – 2:27 #"You Shook Me All Night Long" (Brian Johnson, A. Young, M. Young) – 3:29 #"Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" (Scott, A. Young, M. Young) – 2:47 #"Hell's Bells" (Johnson, A. Young, M. Young) – 3:00 #"Money Talks" (A. Young, M. Young) – 2:19 #"Let's Get It Up" (Johnson, A. Young, M. Young) – 3:01 #"Have a Drink on Me" (Johnson, A. Young, M. Young) – 2:52 #"T.N.T." (Scott, A. Young, M. Young) – 2:38 #"Back in Black" (Johnson, A. Young, M. Young) – 3:57 #"Big Balls" (Scott, A. Young, M. Young) – 2:11 ==Charts== Chart (2001-03) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA Charts) 59 U.S. Billboard Top Bluegrass Albums 14 U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums 47 ==References== Category:Hayseed Dixie albums Category:2001 debut albums Category:Dualtone Records albums Category:AC/DC tribute albums
10849680	A Day in the Death of Donny B	A Day in the Death of Donny B is a 1969 American short docudrama written and directed by Carl Fick and shot in cinéma-vérité style. Mostly considered an anti-drug film, it was made for the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. The film follows its protagonist, Donny B, a young black man who appears to be a heroin addict, as he makes his way through the cruel ghettos of New York City. He tries to score money for his next fix by stealing hubcaps, purse-snatching, panhandling, and engaging in street gambling. The short film's soundtrack mostly consists of voice-overs of his parents despairing over his future, former addicts describing the junkie lifestyle, and cops informing the audience of the consequences of illegal drug use and addiction. Through the run time of 14 minutes, a blues-like tune written and performed by Harry Holt plays over the footage and voice-overs, with vocals that come in and out during the film, narrating Donny B as he does wrong. ==DVD release== Film preservation company Terpsichore Collection Inc. was reportedly in talks to restore the film for a special edition DVD which would contain other important or rare short films. On April 25, 2007, a preview was released on Terpsichore's website. It shows little of a restoration, although it does confirm the making of the DVD. It is in the public domain.Internet Archive: Details: Day In The Death Of Donny B ==External links== * * A Day in the Death of Donny B ==See also== * List of American films of 1969 ==References== Category:1969 films Category:1969 drama films Category:Films about heroin addiction Category:American drama short films Category:1969 short films Category:1960s English-language films Category:1960s American films
10858097	A Dangerous Path	A Dangerous Path is a fantasy novel, the fifth book in the Warriors series, written under the pseudonym of Erin Hunter. This individual book was written by Cherith Baldry. The story centers around Fireheart, deputy of ThunderClan, as he attempts to keep his Clan safe with the help of his ailing leader, while fighting off outside threats such as dogs and enemy Clans. The book was first published in the US as a hardcover on 1 June 2004. It has since been published as a paperback and as an e-book, and been published in other countries. A Dangerous Path has also been published in foreign languages, including French and Chinese. The book received positive reviews from reviewers such as Booklist and Horn Book Review, who praised the tensions and fast pace. ==Synopsis== ===Setting=== The story takes place in a fictional forest populated by four groups of feral cats, ThunderClan, RiverClan, WindClan and ShadowClan. Each Clan has their own territory in which they live and hunt for prey in. They protect themselves from enemies such as rival Clans and wild animals. The story follows Fireheart and his adventures in ThunderClan. The forest is based on New Forest, which is located in Southern England. Besides New Forest, Loch Lomond, the Scottish Highlands, and the Forest of Dean also inspired the fictional locales in the novel. ==Plot== Prey in ThunderClan’s territory has gone missing, and Fireheart believes that Tigerstar, leader of ShadowClan, is behind it. Meanwhile, Bluestar is mentally shaken by Tigerstar’s betrayal, for she once thought he was a loyal warrior and deputy. Bluestar believes that if StarClan had been on her side, none of this would have happened. She refuses to believe in StarClan, and declares war with them, shocking her clanmates. Bluestar decides to name Cloudpaw a warrior because he does not believe in StarClan. Two other apprentices, Swiftpaw and Brightpaw, both choose to track down the animals who have been stealing ThunderClan’s prey. Unfortunately, the prey-stealers are a pack of deadly dogs. Swiftpaw is killed, and Brightpaw loses half of her face, making her blind in one eye. Bluestar, thinking Brightpaw will die, promotes Brightpaw to the status of a warrior, but names her Lostface. Meanwhile, Graystripe returns to ThunderClan, and his loyalty is questioned among ThunderClan. Clan life returns to normal, but Fireheart is curious about the dogs. He asks Lostface about them, but she only repeats a few words: “Pack, pack, kill, kill.” Whitestorm reports to Fireheart that he and his patrol smelled dogs near Snakerocks. Fireheart goes to investigate. He finds a trail of dead rabbits that lead to the body of Brindleface, the sweet and gentle queen. She had been killed by Tigerstar in order for the dogs to have a taste of cat blood. Fireheart orders a patrol to discard the rabbits. After Brindleface's burial, ThunderClan evacuates to Sunningrocks. Bluestar is still mentally unstable, so it is up to Fireheart to get rid of the dogs. He and the senior warriors come up with a plan to lead the dogs over the edge of the gorge. The plan works; each cat successfully leads the pack closer to the gorge, breaking away from the group once they lead the dogs to a certain spot, where a fresh runner lies in wait so they can lead the dogs to the next point. Fireheart, the last in line, keeps a good distance from the dogs, but, Tigerstar comes from the bushes and pins Fireheart down, allowing the dogs to catch up. When it seems like Fireheart is about to die, Bluestar, now clear of mind, pushes the pack leader off the edge of the gorge, taking her with it. Fireheart leaps down the cliff into the river and dives in to save Bluestar. Fireheart manages to get a hold on her, but is barely able to keep their heads above the water. However, Bluestar's RiverClan children, Stonefur and Mistyfoot, discover Fireheart struggling in the river, trying to save Bluestar, and help drag the two cats to the bank. There, Bluestar pleads forgiveness to her kits for lying to them about who their parents were. They forgive her, as they had not known their true heritage until then. Bluestar then tells Fireheart that she realized her Clanmates were not all traitors. She also tells him that he is now the leader of ThunderClan. With that, she loses her final life, and her spirit is sent to StarClan. Fireheart is overcome with grief. Mistyfoot asks if she and Stonefur can help carry her back to the ThunderClan camp and sit vigil for her. ==Main characters== *Fireheart, young and courageous deputy of ThunderClan *Tigerstar, the leader of ShadowClan; formerly of ThunderClan; staged an attack on ThunderClan and was exiled for it *Bluestar, ailing leader of ThunderClan *Stonefur, deputy of RiverClan, Mistyfoot's brother and Bluestar's kit *Mistyfoot, warrior of RiverClan, Stonefur's sister and Bluestar's kit *Cloudpaw (later Cloudtail), Fireheart's unruly apprentice and nephew; was born as a kittypet (housecat) *Swiftpaw, an apprentice who dies to a dog pack *Brightpaw (later Lostface), an apprentice who is badly disfigured by a dog pack *Sandstorm, Fireheart's mate *Whitestorm, a senior warrior of ThunderClan *Brindleface, gentle ThunderClan queen who is slaughtered by Tigerstar *Cinderpelt, ThunderClan's medicine cat, who has a permanent limp *Graystripe, Fireheart's best friend ==Publication history== The book was first published in the US as a hardcover on 1 June 2004 by HarperCollins. It was then published as a paperback on 24 May 2005 and an e-book on 13 October 2009. A Dangerous Path was also published in the UK as a paperback on 2 April 2007 and in Canada as a hardcover on 20 May 2004. The book has also been published in foreign languages such as German, Japanese, French, Russian and Korean. The Chinese version was published on 31 December 2008 and is packaged with a 3D trading card of Tigerstar. ==Critical reception== A Dangerous Path received positive reception. A BookLoons review praised the rising tension in the book. Booklist called the book exciting and praised the fast pace writing "Hunter maintains the established characterizations of her sentient cats, who still retain their feline natures. With compelling intrigue and fast-paced actions, this is one of the most exciting books in the series". In a review for both Rising Storm and A Dangerous Path, Horn Book Review praised the complex characters. ==Footnotes== Category:2004 American novels Category:Warriors (novel series) Category:American fantasy novels Category:Avon (publisher) books Category:2004 children's books Category:Novels about cats Category:Novels about dogs Category:2004 British novels Category:British fantasy novels Category:British children's books Category:American children's books
10900703	A Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles	A Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (DCHP) is a historical usage dictionary of words, expressions, or meanings which are native to Canada or which are distinctively characteristic of Canadian English though not necessarily exclusive to Canada. The first edition was published by W. J. Gage Limited in 1967. The text of this first edition was scanned and released as a free-access online dictionary in 2013. A second edition of A Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (DCHP-2), was then created by expanding and partially revising the first edition's data set. DCHP-2 was published in 2017 as an academic project by the University of British Columbia, and is only available as a free-access online dictionary. ==History== The origins of the first Canadian Dictionary (DCHP-1) can be linked to American Lexicographer Charles Julien Lovell just after WW2 in 1946. Predating this, the American OED dictionary engulfed the small amount of Canadian words found in their research as was the practice during this time for larger varieties. Lovell, working at the time for the University of Chicago and the Dictionary of Americanisms, felt that there was a true distinction between American words and Canadian ones. This led Lovell to create a separate file for words that he deemed to be Canadian as he traversed across the country. In 1954, after creation of the Canadian Linguistic Association, Lovell proposed his idea of the creation of the first Canadian Dictionary, and shortly after submitted an article on the “Lexicographical Challenges of Canadian English”. In March 1960, funding was granted to create the first Canadian Dictionary, DHCP-1 (Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles). Unfortunately, devastation would strike weeks after the news came, Charles Lovell passed away. The lead of the project would then be taken on and headed by Lovell's colleague and friend, Walter Spencer Avis. A Professor of English at the Royal Military College in Kingston, Ontario. Without intention, Avis, came to become a dictionary editor and leader to complete DHCP-1. Along with him, Patrick Drysdale, Chuck Crate, Douglas Leechman, and Mathew Scargill (these names, with Avis and Lovell would become known as the big six of creating Canadian English). Drysdale focused on working with the publisher of the dictionary in Toronto, W.J. Gage publishing and relayed information to the team. Avis, Crate, And Leechman were responsible for controlling the majority of the information brought in through slips. Scargill, the “director of the Lexicographical Centre in Victoria was the promoter and organizer of the DCHP. The Publisher, Gage, requested that four versions of the dictionary were to be made. The Beginning Dictionary, Intermediate Dictionary, Senior Dictionary, and the Complete version DCHP-1 . Through laborious hours and turmoil, the team rolled out the final dictionary just in time for Canadians' momentous Centennial year In November 1967. The result was a ground-breaking dictionary in several ways: the DCHP-1 was the first scholarly historical dictionary of a variety of English other than British English (Oxford English Dictionary) or American English (Dictionary of American English and A Dictionary of Americanisms), the two dominant varieties of English throughout the 20th century. In 2006, after almost 40 years of existence without any updates, work on a new edition was started. Nelson Education Ltd., which had acquired Gage Ltd. and with it the rights to the DCHP-1 had been actively seeking collaborators in academia to produce a new edition of the DCHP-1. This project, DCHP-2, was proposed at a conference on Canadian English in January 2005, Abstract of panel discussion. and formally commenced at the University of British Columbia's Department of English in August 2006, after a year of preparatory work. Since 2009, DCHP-2 has had no association with Nelson Ltd. or any other publisher and had been a purely academic project. The second edition was edited by Stefan Dollinger (editor- in-chief) and Margery Fee (associate editor) and includes features not part of the first edition: a six-way classification system for Canadianisms, the Dictionary Editing Tool,Dollinger, Stefan (2010). "Software from the Bank of Canadian English as an open source tool for the dialectologist: ling.surf and its features". In Joseph Wright's English Dialect Dictionary and Beyond: Studies in Late Modern English Dialectology, ed. by Manfred Markus, Clive Upton and Reinhard Heuberger, 249-261. Berne: Peter Lang. and the Bank of Canadian English (BCE), a quotation database.Introduction to DCHP-2 DCHP-2 was published in 2017 as an academic project by the University of British Columbia, and is only available as a free-access online dictionary. ==Milestones== Completed in 2011 after automatic scanning and manual proofreading by a team of UBC students under the direction of Stefan Dollinger, DCHP-1 was republished in open access as of 2013, thanks to Nelson Ltd. (Dollinger et al. 2013), and is available as a free website, DCHP-1 Online. DCHP-2, fully revised and expanded, is published 2017 (thanks to a three-year SSHRC Insight Grant, Competition 2012, Insight Grants).; 2nd ed. 2017 in Canadian Literature == Release of DCHP-2 == DCHP-2, the second, reconceptualized and updated edition was released online on 17 March 2017. The launch coincided with the 57th anniversary of Charles J. Lovell's passing, the founding editor of DCHP-1. DCHP-1 was launched as a Centennial project; DCHP-2 was launched as a Sesquicentennial contribution with the goal of lifting the discussion about Canadianisms, and about Canadian English more generally, on an empirically sounder footing. ==Creating DCHP-2== The process started with the scanning and digitization of the first edition of the dictionary (DCHP-1). The online version of DCHP-1 was made publicly accessible in 2013. The main data collection phase for the DCHP-2 lasted from 2007 to 2010 and included 36,000 new citations derived from the 7,000 new potential headwords found in The Canadian Oxford Dictionary and other sources.Introduction to DCHP-2 Potential headwords and citations were cross-checked with other varieties of English using web data and entered into the Bank of Canadian English, a quotation filing system, to be proofread and edited. The potential headwords and citations were then classified into one of the six categories of Canadianisms according to their distinctive histories in Canada, cultural significance, or usage frequency. ==The “Technology”: Slips== The use of slips while writing DCHP-2 played a significant role in the dictionary's creation. Slips are considered “the sine qua non of lexicography” (Dollinger, 2019, p. 90) and can be hand-written, typed, or cut and pasted texts from newspapers, fliers, books, etc., on four-by-six inch slips of paper. The top left corner would show the catchword, which would then possibly become a headword in the dictionary, which a quotation would follow. Thousands to millions of these slips provided the data from which the dictionary was created. ==Typology== The DCHP-2 lists six types of Canadianism with an additional “non-Canadian” category, including: Type 1: Origin: terms or meanings are created in Canada. An example would be Loonie ‘1-dollar coin’, Toonie ‘2-dollar coin', Type 2: Preservation: A form or meaning that was once widespread across many English language variations but is now preserved in Canadian English. An example would be pencil crayon, ‘colouring pencil,’ and Chesterfield ‘couch, sofa.’ Type 3: Semantic Change: Terms that have undergone a semantic change in Canadian English. For instance, toque ‘beanie,’ which had earlier referred to other kinds of hats, not just the ones we now associate with the word toque or Generation X ‘late ’80s disoriented adults.’ Type 4: Culturally Significant: Terms or meanings enshrined and important to the national identity and/or history of Canada. The discourse marker eh, and hockey terms such as wraparound are all examples, including the term French immersion. Type 5: Frequency: Terms or meanings that are used and heard more frequently in Canadian English than in other national identities. For instance, Cube Van’ moving truck,’ or Chinook ‘strong wind.’ Type 6: Memorial: These terms are the opposite of cultural salience, meaning terms deriving from adverse events or historical occurrences in Canada. An example would be Residential schools, ‘schools for cultural genocide,’ or Eskimo ‘Inuit people.’ Non-Canadian: Terms or meanings labelled ‘Canadian’ in other sources or that we think are Canadian but are not. For instance, clawback or sunset clause. == Accessing DCHP-2 == DCHP-2 is accessible at here. It is, like the current edition of the OED, an online-only publication; there is no hardcopy available at this point. == Reception == The Toronto Star referred to it as a great "birthday gift for the nation" of Canada, The Globe and MailValpy, Michael (10 March 2017). "Dictionary of Canadianisms is 'tabled' and 'all-dressed'". The Globe and Mail. Retrieved 4 September 2017. lauded its detail (e.g. the entry on eh, which is almost 5000 words long) and the CBC The National Newscast featured DCHP-2 in April 2017 as the topic of its cultural news item of the day. ==See also== *List of Canadian English dictionaries *Dictionary of American English *Dictionary of Americanisms *Dictionary of American Regional English *Oxford English Dictionary ==Notes== ==References== *Cassidy, Frederick G. and Joan Houston Hall (eds.). 1985, 1991, 1996, 2002, in prep. Dictionary of American Regional English. Volumes I–V. Cambridge, MA: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press. *Craigie, William and James R. Hulbert (eds.). 1968 [1938–44]. A Dictionary of American English on Historical Principles. 4 volumes. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. *DA = Dictionary of Americanisms. See Mathews (ed.) 1951. *DAE = A Dictionary of American English on Historical Principles. See Craigie and Hulbert (eds.) 1968 [1938–44]. *DARE = Dictionary of American Regional English. See Cassidy and Hall (eds.) 1985, 1991, 1996, 2002, in prep. *OED = Oxford English Dictionary *Dollinger, Stefan. 2006. "Towards a fully revised and extended edition of the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles (DCHP-2): background, challenges, prospects". HSL/SHL – Historical Sociolinguistics/Sociohistorical Linguistics (Leiden, NL). 6. http://www.let.leidenuniv.nl/hsl_shl/DCHP-2/DCHP-2/DCHP-2.htm, 1 Sept. 2006. ==Further reading== *Dollinger, Stefan. 2006. Towards a fully revised Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles. https://www.academia.edu/4591720/Towards_a_fully_revised_and_extended_edition_of_the_Dictionary_of_Canadianisms_on_Historical_Principles_DCHP-2_background_challenges_prospects *Mathews, Mitford M. (ed.). 1951. Dictionary of Americanisms. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. *Orsman, H. W. (ed.). 1997. Dictionary of New Zealand English: A Dictionary of New Zealandisms on Historical Principles. Auckland: Oxford University Press. *Ramson, W. S. et al. (eds.). 1988. Australian National Dictionary. A Dictionary of Australianisms on Historical Principles. Melbourne: Oxford University Press. *Silva, Penny et al. (eds.). 1996. A Dictionary of South African English on Historical Principles. Oxford: Oxford University Press. *Dollinger, Stefan, Laurel J. Brinton, and Margery Fee (2012). "Revising The Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles: A Progress Report, 2006—(April) 2012." Dictionaries: Journal of the Dictionary Society of North America 33: 164-178. Print. *Dollinger, Stefan. (2017). "Revising the Dictionary of Canadianisms on Historical Principles: World Englishes and linguistic variation in real-time". In The Routledge Handbook of Lexicography, ed. by Pedro A. Fuertes Olivera, 367-382. London Routledge. ==External links== *, DCHP-1 and DCHP-2 online Category:English dictionaries Category:1967 non-fiction books Category:Canadian English Category:Online English dictionaries
11017293	A Bad Spell in Yurt	A Bad Spell in Yurt is a fantasy novel by C. Dale Brittain first published in 1991. It takes place in the fictional kingdom of Yurt where Daimbert, a wizard who has just graduated from the wizards' school, takes up his post as the new Royal Wizard. Daimbert's story is continued in The Wood Nymph and the Cranky Saint, Mage Quest, The Witch and the Cathedral, Daughter of Magic, and Is This Apocalypse Necessary? ==Synopsis== This story takes place in the tiny kingdom of Yurt. It reads like a charming, light-hearted story at first, but darker forces soon reveal themselves. Amongst themselves, the characters refer to the "three that rule the world", the aristocracy, the church, and wizardry. Though the aristocracy do the actual ruling, organized wizardry generally considers itself to be the superior of the three, in part because they put an end to the "Black Wars," wars between kingdoms so violent and bloody that individual wizards were forced to band together to stop them. Churchmen considers themselves superior to wizards, and they are traditional rivals in this semi- medieval world. The first-person narrator is Daimbert, who has just barely graduated from the wizards' school. He takes up his first post as Royal Wizard of Yurt. Daimbert barely graduated, owing to all that embarrassment with the frogs, yet he has amazing improvisational skills that manage to get him by. Daimbert soon befriends Joachim, the castle chaplain, attempts to make magical telephones from scratch, learns old herbal magic from his predecessor, fights a dragon from the northern land of wild magic, searches for the source of an evil spell on the king, and is forced to bargain with a demon. Here, magic is a wild force of four dimensions that is shaped by a wizard's spells or potions, and (usually) is spoken aloud using the Hidden Language, needed to channel magic for the means of a spell. However, wizards can also choose to sell their soul to a demon in return for supernatural powers. The book reads somewhat like a mystery, where Daimbert follows up on many clues throughout the story, eventually suspecting everyone in the castle. The caster of the evil spell is not revealed until the end of the book. ==Important characters== *Daimbert, main character and Royal Wizard of Yurt *Joachim, the royal chaplain *Prince Dominic, the king's nephew *Lady Maria, the queen's aunt *Zahlfast, second in command at the wizards' school *Haimeric, the King of Yurt *The Queen of Yurt, never named *Daimbert's predecessor as wizard of Yurt, never named ==References== *C. Dale Brittain, A Bad Spell in Yurt. New York: Baen Books, August 1991. Second printing 1993; third printing 1995 ==External links== * Author's home page Category:1991 American novels Category:American fantasy novels Category:1991 fantasy novels
11017589	A Doctor's Report on Dianetics	A Doctor's Report on Dianetics: Theory and Therapy is a non-fiction book analyzing Dianetics. The book was authored by physician Joseph Augustus Winter, with an introduction by German gestalt therapy research psychiatrist Frederick Perls. The book was first published in hardcover by the Julian Press Julian Messner, in 1951, and published again in 1987, by Crown Publishing Group. The work was the first book published that was professionally critical of L. Ron Hubbard. == About the author == Joseph Augustus Winter, an American medical doctor and "psychosomatacist", had previously served on the board of directors and as the medical director of L. Ron Hubbard's Hubbard Dianetic Research Foundation (HDRF). He also wrote the 1950 original introduction to Hubbard's Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health. Winter resigned from the HDRF in October 1950, stating "there was a difference between the ideals inherent within the dianetics hypothesis and the actions of the Foundation". He also felt that Dianetic techniques were potentially dangerous if performed without medical training and disapproved of the lack of scientific evidence supporting Hubbard's claims. Prior to their falling out, Winter had stated that the Dianetic technique of auditing had cured his six-year-old son of fears of ghosts and the dark. == Main points == According to a 1951 article in Time magazine, in A Doctor's Report on Dianetics "Winter tries to filter Hubbard's strange mixture and pick out the scraps fit for human consumption". Winter wrote that auditing could be a useful technique for psychiatrists to use during psychoanalysis and agreed with Hubbard's conceptualization of prenatal "engrams" that traumatic memories can be formed and stored during the prenatal stage, but Winter was skeptical about "sperm dreams", stating they were likely imagined and not true memories. Winter also objected to patients recalling deaths from previous reincarnations, Hubbard's authoritarian attitude and disregard for using the scientific method, and Hubbard's view that anyone could become an auditor without medical training. Winter wrote that Hubbard's techniques sometimes harmed clients, and that he had yet to observe a single "Clear" (Hubbard's term for people with an allegedly "optimum brain" after being cleared of all engrams). Though Hubbard claimed that a Clear had been obtained after twenty-four hours of therapy, Winter wrote that he never observed an individual reach the state of Clear or display any of the unique abilities Hubbard attributed to a Clear. Winter also believed that some people became psychotic due to their involvement with Dianetics, and he included a case study in the book. Winter also rebuked Hubbard's "Guk" program, which was a combination of vitamins and glutamic acid that was meant to make Dianetics subjects "run better". == Critical reception == The Princeton Theological Seminary called it an important new book on psychotherapy, in Pastoral Psychology. Martin Gardner analyzes the book extensively in Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science. Gardner wrote that the "most revealing" material in A Doctor's Report on Dianetics, were the records of the author's own auditing sessions, which showed that the auditor effectively relied on loaded questions to produce from the client responses validating the Dianetic theory, while ignoring those that did not. Gardner chastised the technique for obscuring the real roots of psychological and psychosomatic troubles. Pitirim Sorokin wrote in The Ways and Power of Love that though Winter wrote an enthusiastic introduction to Hubbard's Dianetics, his own book exposed some of Hubbard's more "charlatanish" claims. The book was also reviewed in The American Journal of Psychology and The American Journal of Psychiatry. In a review of the book in Psychosomatic Medicine, Frank Egloff wrote that Winter did a "relatively good, factual job" and provided a "fairly clear, dispassionate view of dianetics". The book is referenced in Rodney Stark's The Future of Religion, and in Frank Gerbode's Beyond Psychology. ==References== ==External links== ;Reviews *The American Journal of Psychology, January 1952 *The American Journal of Psychiatry, July 1952 Category:1951 non-fiction books Category:1951 in religion Category:American non-fiction books Category:Books critical of Scientology Category:English-language books Category:Julian Messner books
11141641	A Blueprint of the World	A Blueprint of the World is the debut album by the neo-progressive rock band Enchant. == Track listing == # "The Thirst" (Ott) – 6:16 # "Catharsis" (Benignus, Cline, Craddick) – 5:53 # "Oasis" (Craddick, Ott) – 8:11 # "Acquaintance" (Ott) – 6:31 # "Mae Dae" (Benignus, Ott) – 3:24 # "At Death's Door" (Cline, Craddick) – 7:16 # "East of Eden" (Benignus, Cline, Craddick, Ott) – 5:50 # "Nighttime Sky" (Craddick, Ott) – 8:57 # "Enchanted" (Craddick, Ott) – 7:17 # "Open Eyes" (Ott) – 7:43 == Personnel == * Paul Craddick – drums * Ted Leonard – vocals * Douglas A. Ott – guitar * Ed Platt – bass guitar * Mike "Benignus" Geimer – keyboards === Guest musicians === * Steve Rothery – plays Ebow on track 1, and guitar solo on track 8. He produced five tracks [1, 2, 4, 7, 8] and remixed two [3, 9]. == References == == External links == Category:1995 debut albums Category:Enchant (band) albums
1115810	A Hanging	A Hanging (1931) is a short essay written by George Orwell, first published in August 1931 in the British literary magazine The Adelphi. Set in Burma, where Orwell (under his real name of Eric Arthur Blair) had served in the British Imperial Police from 1922 to 1927, it describes the execution of a criminal. ==The Story== The condemned man is given no name, nor is it explained what crime he has committed. For the British police who supervise his execution, the hanging is an unpleasant but routine piece of business. The narrator takes no active part in the hanging, and appears to be less experienced than his colleagues. As the prisoner is marched and handcuffed to the gallows he steps slightly aside to avoid treading in a puddle of rainwater; the narrator sees this, and reflects: The sentence is carried out, and all concerned feel a sudden relief as they leave the scene where the dead man still hangs. ==Context== Britain conquered Burma over 62 years (1824–86), during which three Anglo-Burmese Wars were fought, and incorporated it into its Indian Empire. Britain administered Burma as an Indian province until 1937, when it became a separate, self-governing colony. Burma attained independence in 1948. ==Veracity== When asked about A Hanging, Orwell was unwilling to discuss the subject, and once said that it was "only a story."Timothy Garton Ash, "The Complete Works of George Orwell" book review , The New York Review of Books, 22 October 1998, reproduced at netcharles.com. No known evidence shows specifically where and when he witnessed an execution during his time in Burma.Bernard Crick, George Orwell: A Life, 1980. In his writings, however, he repeated that he had done so.In The Road to Wigan Pier, published in 1937, and again in his "As I Please" column in Tribune, 3 November 1944. He further reflected upon hanging in his As I Please column for Tribune, 15 November 1946.Orwell, A Kind of Compulsion, p.210 According to Dennis Collings, a friend of Orwell from 1921, when his father became the Blair (Orwell) family doctor, it was certain Orwell would have witnessed a hanging, and that policemen had to see a hanging, 'as a kind of initiation. There had to be police officers present at executions—and cadets were assigned to that kind of thing.'Arena, Part One, 31:28-33:56 Collings on Orwell and a hanging ==See also== *Bibliography of George Orwell ==References== ==External links== *A Hanging *"Orwell's Burma", an essay in Time Category:Essays by George Orwell Category:1931 essays Category:Works originally published in The Adelphi
11211270	A Lesson in Romantics	A Lesson in Romantics is the debut studio album by American rock band Mayday Parade. The band resulted from a merger of two separate bands, Kid Named Chicago and Defining Moment. In June 2006 the band released an EP, Tales Told by Dead Friends, which they sold to people by following the 2006 edition of Warped Tour and offering copies; it eventually sold 10,000 copies. The band signed to Fearless Records in August. A Lesson in Romantics was recorded in early 2007 with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount. Vocalist/guitarist Jason Lancaster left the band in March 2007 citing a lack of writing credit on the band's releases. Prior to the release of A Lesson in Romantics, "Black Cat", "When I Get Home, You're So Dead", and "Jamie All Over" were made available for streaming. After the album's release, the band participated in the 2007 edition of Warped Tour. A Lesson in Romantics was released through Fearless on July 10. A music video for "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" was released in November, and the song was released as a single a month later. "Jamie All Over" was released as a single in May 2008 and a music video for the song was released two months later. The band then toured as part of the 2008 edition of Warped Tour. The music video for "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" earned two MTV Video Music Awards nominations in 2008. In January 2009 a music video was released for "Miserable at Best". A Lesson in Romantics is the band's most commercially successful release, eventually being certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. It was released on vinyl in November 2011. The album was featured on Rock Sounds 2014 list of the “51 Most Essential Pop Punk Albums of All Time”. Mayday Parade would later go on to release the Anniversary version of the album called A Lesson in Romantics (Anniversary Edition), along with the commentary version, in 2017. The Anniversary edition of the album includes a previously unreleased song called "Coming Back With Winter", which includes the chorus from "Save Your Heart" (on Anywhere But Here). ==Background== Mayday Parade was formed in the winter of 2005 following the merger of two local Tallahassee bands, Kid Named Chicago and Defining Moment. Kid Named Chicago featured vocalist/guitarist Jason Lancaster, guitarist Alex Garcia and drummer Jake Bundrick, while Defining Moment featured vocalist Derek Sanders, guitarist Brooks Betts, and bassist Jeremy Lenzo. In June 2006, their EP Tales Told by Dead Friends was released. The band followed the 2006 edition of Warped Tour, selling copies of the EP to people in line.Erickson 2007, p. 13 By the end of summer, the group had sold 10,000 copies of the EP. These sales caught the attention of Fearless Records, which signed Mayday Parade on August 29. Fearless label president Bob Becker said the group: "were really believable, they were obviously good musicians, and they were really tight sounding. And we already knew they were hard- working." Between late September and early November, the band went on the Text on the Dance Floor tour with Mêlée, Wheatus, Brandtson, Lakes, and Fall of Transition. Tales Told by Dead Friends was re-released through Fearless on November 7. ==Composition and recording== All of the songs on A Lesson in Romantics were written while touring after Warped Tour. The songs are about: "being in a relationship while you're on the road, and the different hardships that come with that." Unlike the band's EP, the album was "more put together" and "more organized", according to Garcia. Sanders thought it stood up "pretty well" to the EP, noting that it was "just as catchy ", but "more powerful." "Jamie All Over" was originally recorded by Kid Named Chicago, Lancaster's previous band. Sanders claimed the song was "kind of a tough one to choose" because the band had a lot of new material to choose from, but felt "pretty happy" with its inclusion. "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" was one of the first songs the band wrote. According to Garcia, the final track was called "You Be the Anchor That Keeps My Feet on the Ground, I'll Be the Wings That Keep Your Heart in the Clouds" because the band was "trying to be poetic". Mayday Parade went into the studio in January 2007. Recording took place at Tree Sound, located in Atlanta, Georgia until February 2007. The band worked with producers Zack Odom and Kenneth Mount, who also engineered the sessions. "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" from Tales Told by Dead Friends was re- recorded because the song had previously received a big response from fans. Natalie VanLandingham provided additional vocals on "Jersey", while Daniel Lancaster provided additional vocals on "Jamie All Over". Mixing was done by Mark Needham, while Steve Hall mastered the album at Future Disc, located in McMinnville, Oregon. According to Mount, Lancaster's vocals for the album were "naked", implying no post recording editing had been done. ==Release== Lancaster left the band in March 2007 citing a lack of writing credit on the band's releases. Lenzo and Bundrick filled in for Lancaster's vocals, while Garcia and Betts performed Lancaster's guitar parts. Garcia said this change made the guitars "sound more clear" and not "clutter[ed]"; on the other hand, the group found it hard working out who should sing Lancaster's parts. Lancaster's departure hurt Sanders personally as "he was a good friend". Later that month, the band supported Plain White T's on their U.S. tour. On April 4, "Black Cat" was made available for streaming via Hot Topic's Myspace profile. On April 13, the release of A Lesson in Romantics was announced. Between early May and late June, the band went on tour with support from Bedlight for Blue Eyes, Driver Side Impact, and Sick City. The track listing was revealed on May 18. On June 6, the band made "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" available for streaming via their Myspace profile. "Jamie All Over" was made available for streaming on June 19 via AbsolutePunk. A Lesson in Romantics was made available for streaming through AOL, and was released the following day through Fearless Records. Mayday Parade appeared at Dirt Fest in Birch Run, Michigan, before touring as part of the 2007 edition of Warped Tour from mid July to early August. In August, the band went on tour with Olympia and Sound the Alarm. The music video for "When I Get Home, You're So Dead", directed by Marco de la Torre, was filmed in September. In late September 2007, the band supported Paramore in Japan and Australia. The band went on a co-headlining tour with Madina Lake in October and November. The "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" music video was released on November 14, and the single was released on December 3. The band went on the Manwhores and Open Sores Tour alongside All Time Low, Every Avenue, and Just Surrender in January 2008. Between late January and late March, the band went on a package tour alongside Emery, As Cities Burn, Pierce the Veil and Cry of the Afflicted. In April and May, the band went on the Explosions In Your Pants Tour with support from My American Heart and the Graduate. A music video was filmed for "Jamie All Over" in May, and the single was released on May 20. Mayday Parade went on the 2008 edition of Warped Tour, playing all summer-long for the first time. Sanders explained that the group "finally felt like one of the real bands" on Warped Tour; they "had a bus for the first time this year". Following this, Independent Label Group, who help promote and market Fearless releases, persuaded Target Corporation to sell A Lesson in Romantics in its stores. The video for "Jamie All Over" was released through MTV on July 21. The song was released to radio on September 2. In October and November, the band supported All Time Low on the Compromising of Integrity, Morality, & Principles in Exchange for Money tour. A music video for "Miserable at Best", directed by Mark Staubach, was released on January 9, 2009 on the band's Myspace. ===Reissues=== A Lesson in Romantics was reissued on April 28, 2008, featuring an acoustic version of "Three Cheers for Five Years", as well as "One Man Drinking Games". On November 21, 2011, the album was released on vinyl with a different colored cover. A white vinyl edition was released a year later, on August 28, 2012. On January 27, 2017, a new music video was released for "Black Cat", directed by Max Moore. A 10th anniversary edition of the album featuring demos was released on March 17. To celebrate the anniversary, the band performed the album in full on tour between March and May. A UK leg of the tour is set to take place in September. The band also did commentary for every track on the album. Producer Kenneth Mount criticized the band on Twitter for not giving Lancaster credit in commentary, "I'm slightly confused why mayday parades commentary for lesson in romantics never mentions Jason Lancaster at all, voice of 50% of the album... Jason also recorded all his vocals naked for a lesson in romantics , that should totally make the commentary. I've waited ten years for that". ==Reception and legacy== A Lesson in Romantics is considered a fan favorite. Daniel Thompson of Music Emissions wrote that: "every song is spectacular on this album and is a potential hit." Despite its eventual success and acclaim, A Lesson In Romantics received little attention from professional music critics. Reviewers noted the improved sound from the band's debut EP, Tales Told by Dead Friends. Joe DeAndrea from AbsolutePunk.net wrote that: "after their unimpressive release of the EP Tales Told By Dead Friends in November, the band's back with their debut album that will surely become one of your most played of the Summer." Sputnikmusic reviewer Adam Knott gave the album a score of 4.5 out of 5, calling it "a hell of a lot better" than most pop punk records. A Lesson in Romantics debuted at number 8 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart, staying on the chart for six weeks. The album finally dropped off on the chart dated March 1, 2008 before eventually returning on the chart on July 12. It stayed on the chart for 70 consecutive weeks. The album also charted on the Independent Albums chart, peaking at number 31. In January 2009, it was announced that the album had sold over 100,000 copies. The album would later become the band's biggest selling album, selling over 200,000 copies. A Lesson in Romantics and "Miserable at Best" were certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America in December 2017. idobi Radio included the album on their best of 2007 list. "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" was ranked at number 194 on the New York Posts 2007 list of best songs to download. In 2008, the music video for "When I Get Home, You're So Dead" was nominated at the MTV Video Music Awards for Best Rock Video and Video of the Year. The album was number 42 on Rock Sounds The 51 Most Essential Pop Punk Albums of All Time list.Bird, ed. 2014, p. 69 Cleveland.com ranked "Jamie All Over" at number 66 on their list of the top 100 pop-punk songs. ==Track listing== All songs written by Mayday Parade. ;Bonus tracks ==Personnel== Personnel per 2008 reissue booklet. Mayday Parade * Derek Sanders – lead vocals * Jeremy Lenzo – bass guitar, backing vocals * Alex Garcia – lead guitar * Brooks Betts – rhythm guitar * Jake Bundrick – drums, backing vocals Additional musicians * Jason Lancaster – co-lead vocals and guitar on all songs * Natalie VanLandingham – additional vocals on "Jersey" * Daniel Lancaster – additional vocals on "Jamie All Over" Production * Zack Odom – producer, engineer * Kenneth Mount – producer, engineer * Mark Needham – mixing * Steve Hall – mastering * Kyle Crawford – art, design ==Charts== Chart performance for A Lesson in Romantics Chart (2007) Peak position US Heatseekers Albums (Billboard) 8 US Independent Albums (Billboard) 31 ==Certifications== ==References== Footnotes Citations Bibliography * * ==External links== *A Lesson in Romantics at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed) Category:2007 debut albums Category:Mayday Parade albums Category:Fearless Records albums
11315857	A Go Go (Potshot album)	A Go Go is the fourth album of J-ska band Potshot. The album was released in the United States by Asian Man Records in 2002. ==Tracks== # Potshot Go 2:23 # Not Alone 2:35 # Right and Chance 2:41 # She Is Cute 1:44 # MU330 1:57 # Good Times and Bad Times [Single Version] 2:55 # No Fear 2:37 # End of the Long Summer [Analog Version] :50 # Hard to Remain 2:23 # Smile 2:24 # Make a Change 2:17 # Go Forward 1:40 # For You 3:17 # New Tomorrow 2:58 # To That Light 2:33 # No Action 2:32 # Bonus Track 1:31 Category:2002 albums Category:Asian Man Records albums Category:Potshot (band) albums
11490217	A Guide to Groovy Lovin'	A Guide to Groovy Lovin' is an album by DAG. ==Track listing== # "Sweet Little Lass" – 4:42 # "Our Love Would Be Much Better (If I Gave A Damn About You)" – 3:42 # "Righteous" – 3:38 # "You Make Me Feel" – 4:30 # "Lovely Jane" – 4:48 # "Supercollider" – 3:54 ==References== Category:DAG (band) albums Category:1998 albums
11528779	A Dreamer's Tales	{{Infobox book | name = A Dreamer's Tales | title_orig = | translator = | image = File:ADreamersTales.jpg | caption = First edition | author = Lord Dunsany | illustrator = Sidney Sime | cover_artist = | country = UK | language = English | genre = Fantasy | publisher = George Allen & Sons | release_date = 1910 | english_release_date = | media_type = Print (hardback) | preceded_by = The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories | followed_by = The Book of Wonder }} A Dreamer's Tales is the fourth book by Irish fantasy writer Lord Dunsany, considered a major influence on the work of J. R. R. Tolkien, H. P. Lovecraft, Ursula K. Le Guin, and others. It was first published in hardcover by George Allen & Sons in September 1910, and has been reprinted a number of times since. Issued by the Modern Library in a combined edition with The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories as A Dreamer's Tales and Other Stories in 1917. Like most of Dunsany's early books, A Dreamer's Tales is a collection of fantasy short stories. ==Contents== :*"Preface" :*"Poltarnees, Beholder of Ocean" :*"Blagdaross" :*"The Madness of Andelsprutz" :*"Where the Tides Ebb and Flow" :*"Bethmoora" :*"Idle Days on the Yann" :*"The Sword and the Idol" :*"The Idle City" :*"The Hashish Man" :*"Poor Old Bill" :*"The Beggars" :*"Carcassonne" :*"In Zaccarath" :*"The Field" :*"The Day of the Poll" :*"The Unhappy Body" == Summaries == === Poltarnees, Beholder of Ocean === In this story there is a mountain of which, if any man climbs, they never return; many have promised to come back after looking over the peak, but none have returned. There is one woman whose beauty is such that (in theory) a man would come back if promised her hand in marriage. So a man is sent to look over the mountain. === Blagdaross === "On a waste place strewn with bricks in the outskirts of a town," several objects (an old cork, an unstruck match, a broken kettle, a piece of cord/rope, and an old rocking-horse) tell their life stories. === The Madness of Andelsprutz === A tale in which a man visits a city and engages in conversation with two men as to whether or not the city of Andelsprutz is dead or was never alive then one of the men tells a tale of the city and how all cities have souls; he knows because he saw Andelsprutz's soul and engaged in a conversation with her. === Where the Tides Ebb and Flow === A story from the perspective of a dead body and what it experiences. === Bethmoora === A narrator tells the background of the desolate and abandoned city of Bethmoora. The city was abandoned abruptly for mysterious reasons, possibly a warning from the gods, a message from an emperor, disease or the desert. Bethmoora is brought up again in the later story, The Hashish Man. === Idle Days on the Yann === The narrator takes a river voyage down the Yann on the ship Bird of the River. The ship stops at Mandaroon, where the citizens sleep to prevent the gods from dying and dreaming to end; Astahahn, where citizens use ancient rituals to prevent Time from slaying the gods; Perdóndaris, a great trading city; and Nen, the last city on the river. The ship finally reaches the Gate of Yann: two narrow, mountain-high, smooth and pink marble cliffs that the river flows between into the sea. Departing, the protagonist knows he will not meet the captain again, because his fancy is growing weaker. === The Sword and the Idol === A tale of early humans. Loz invents an iron sword and comes to rule the tribe. Generations later, when Loz's descendant Lod is chief, Ird introduces religion to the tribe in the form of the worship of Ged. A battle of wills between Lod and Ird ends with Lod giving the sword to Ird. === The Idle City === Four short short stories told to gain entry to the Idle City. === The Hashish Man === The narrator of "Bethmoora" meets a man at a party who has visited the city more recently with the aid of hashish. He tells the narrator the city was abandoned at the order of emperor Thuba Mleen of Utnar Vehi. He describes some of the horrors of Thuba Mleen before fleeing the party to stay ahead of the police. === Poor Old Bill === A tale of a terrible pirate captain, whose crew maroon him. Unfortunately, while he lives his curses still have magical power, and prevent them from entering any harbor. === The Beggars === A daydream of cheerful beggars in lordly cloaks, who find cheer and fortune in everything. === Carcassonne === After a prophecy given to a king that he will never set foot in the city of Carcassonne, the heroes of the court vow to conquer the city, the location of which is unknown. === In Zaccarath === The king of Zacarath calls for prophecies. The prophets foretell doom, but the king and all of his court hear only tales that tell of everlasting Zacarath. At the end the narrator finds a rock that may once have been part of the marvellous palace of Zacarath. === The Field === The narrator finds a field of flowers that seems to have a malevolence about it. He questions a poet, who informs him it is a battlefield. === The Day of the Poll === A poet kidnaps a voter on election day, and tries to get him to see the beauty and glamour in the world. === The Unhappy Body === A story about a body forced to work for a living, while the soul strives for poetry. ==Sources== * ==External links== * * Category:1910 short story collections Category:Fantasy short story collections Category:Short story collections by Edward Plunkett, 18th Baron of Dunsany
11631735	A Ballad of the West	A Ballad of the West is a three-part story by Bobby Bridger told in Homeric verse and song about the Mountain Men, William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody, and the Lakota Sioux people inspired by John G. Neihardt's A Cycle of the West. Part One: Seekers of the Fleece: This ballad presents the life story of mountain man Jim Bridger and the Fur Trade Era. Jim Bridger is Bobby Bridger's great granduncle. Beginning with Jim Bridger's historic ascension of the Missouri River with the Ashely-Henry Expedition in 1822, Seekers of the Fleece tells of the initial interactions between Euro-Americans and Native Americans, as well as the beginning of the American Emigration Era and the Indian Wars. This ballad was inspired by Alfred Jacob Miller's Western watercolors. Part Two: Pahaska: Pahaska is the Lakota word for "long hair," what the Sioux fondly called William F. "Buffalo Bill" Cody, and subsequently the name of the second ballad in the trilogy. Beginning with Buffalo Bill's birth in 1846, Pahaska chronicles Buffalo Bill's adventurous boyhood on the Great Plains, his career as a Pony Express rider, buffalo hunter, army scout, and his rise to global celebrity with the creation of the Wild West Show. Bobby Bridger also wrote a biography on Buffalo Bill recently published by the University of Texas Press, titled Buffalo Bill and Sitting Bull: Inventing the Wild West. Part Three: Lakota: Lakota begins with the meeting of Nebraska epic poet, John Neihardt, and the Lakota Holy Man, Black Elk, in South Dakota in 1931, of which would bring the famous book Black Elk Speaks. A 'telling of a telling of a telling,' Lakota presents Black Elk's recollections to Neihardt of the Indian Wars Era (1860–1890), Red Cloud and the Fetterman Massacre, the Battle of Little Big Horn, the deaths of Crazy Horse and Sitting Bull, travels with Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, and the Massacre at Wounded Knee. A Ballad of the West was partially recorded in a tipi in the Colorado Rockies and completed in a 24 track studio in Denver in 1975 with Slim Pickens and The Lost Gonzo Band: John and Jim Inmon, Bob Livingston, Gary P. Nunn and Donnie Dolan. Slim's love of the mountain men brought him to volunteer his talents to narrate Seekers of the Fleece. Bridger has been performing A Ballad of the West around the globe for nearly four decades as a one-man show. ==See also== * Slim Pickens ==External links== * Bobby Bridger official site * Collection of Alfred Jacob Miller watercolors of the American West Category:2000 compilation albums
11753053	A Journal of the Plague Year (album)	A Journal of the Plague Year was an album released on CD in 1999 by American singer-songwriter Tom Rapp, leader of the 1960s/70s psychedelic folk group Pearls Before Swine. It was his first new album for 26 years, and included collaborations with Damon and Naomi and Nick Saloman. ==Track listing== All songs written by Tom Rapp unless otherwise noted. ==Musicians== *Tom Rapp - Vocals, Guitar, Harmonica *Olvardil Prydwyn - Harp, Mandolin, Shenai, Flute *Naomi Yang - Bass, Vocals *Damon Krukowski - Drums, Percussion, Vocals *Nick Saloman - Guitar, Organ, Drums, Mellotron *Ade Shaw - Bass, Effects *David Rapp - Electric Guitar *Carl Edwards - Violin, Vocals *Andrea Troolin - Cello ==Other credits== *Produced and engineered by Damon Krukowski at Kali Studios, Cambridge, Mass. *Except "Shoebox Symphony" produced by Nick Saloman and Ade Shaw ==External links== *[ AMG review] * Fan site on MySpace Category:1999 albums Category:Tom Rapp albums Category:Albums produced by Damon Krukowski Category:Albums produced by Ade Shaw
11871420	A Lifetime or More	A Lifetime or More is a split EP by The Album Leaf and On! Air! Library!. The first three tracks are by the former band, and the last five tracks by the latter band. ==Track listing== #The Album Leaf-Another Day #The Album Leaf- Essex #The Album Leaf-Lamplight #On! Air! Library!-Ex's and ~~ho's~~ oh's #On! Air! Library!-Pass the Mic (p) #On! Air! Library!-Pass the Mic (a) #On! Air! Library!-Pass the Mic (c) #On! Air! Library!-Faux Fromm ==References== Category:The Album Leaf albums Category:2003 EPs Category:On!Air!Library! albums Category:Split EPs Category:Arena Rock Recording Company EPs
11892274	A Cold Night's Death	A Cold Night's Death (also known as The Chill Factor) is a 1973 American made for television horror-thriller film. The film was shown on January 30, 1973, on the ABC network. The film was directed by Jerrold Freedman and starred Robert Culp, Eli Wallach, and Michael C. Gwynne. Culp and Wallach are two research scientists at the Tower Mountain Research Station (filmed at the University of California's high altitude Barcroft Research Station) who are trying to unravel the mysterious death of a colleague. ==Plot== After the mysterious deaths of their colleagues, scientists Robert Jones (Robert Culp) and Frank Enari (Eli Wallach) are sent to an isolated research station deep in the Arctic Circle to continue their observation of monkey behavioral patterns. As the two men quarrel over who has to clean the station and other responsibilities, they slowly realize that the deaths of their co-workers may have something to do with a mysterious and dangerous presence, one that the monkeys increasingly fear. ==Cast== * Robert Culp as Robert Jones * Eli Wallach as Frank Enari * Michael C. Gwynne as Val Adams * Vic Perrin as Ryan Horner (voiceover; uncredited) ==Release== ==Reception== Graeme Clark from The Spinning Image rated the film seven out of ten stars, praising the film's atmosphere, performances, and score. Dave Sindelar from Fantastic Movie Musings and Ramblings also praised the film's atmosphere and performances, calling it "one very effective TV-movie thriller". The Terror Trap awarded the film three out of four stars, calling it "a triumph of mood creation". ==See also== * List of American films of 1973 ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1973 horror films Category:1970s science fiction horror films Category:1970s thriller films Category:1973 television films Category:1973 films Category:American horror thriller films Category:American science fiction horror films Category:ABC Movie of the Week Category:American science fiction television films Category:Films scored by Gil Mellé Category:Films directed by Jerrold Freedman Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s American films
11930321	A Fragile Hope	A Fragile Hope is the debut full-length album by English metalcore band Devil Sold His Soul, released through Eyesofsound/Black Willow on 18 June 2007. Dave Robinson (of Fireapple Red) performs all drums and percussion on the album, and Matt Elphick performs guest vocals on "Awaiting the Flood" and "Coroner". ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;Devil Sold His Soul * Ed Gibbs – vocals * Jonny Renshaw – guitar * Richard Chapple – guitar * Ian Trotter – bass guitar * Paul Kitney – samples * Dave Robinson – drums ;Additional musicians * Matt Elphick – guest vocals on "Awaiting the Flood" and "Coroner" ;Production * Produced by Jonny Renshaw and Devil Sold His Soul * Engineered and mixed by Jonny Renshaw * Mastered by John Dent ==References== Category:2007 debut albums Category:Devil Sold His Soul albums Category:Albums produced by Jonny Renshaw
11984610	A Catalogue of Crime	A Catalogue of Crime is a critique of crime fiction by Jacques Barzun and Wendell Hertig Taylor, first published in 1971. The book was awarded a Special Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America in 1972. A revised and enlarged edition was published in 1989. Barzun and Taylor both graduated in the class of 1924 from Harrisburg Technical High School. ==Purpose== In the preface to the 1989 second edition of A Catalogue of Crime, Jacques Barzun credits the contributions of Wendell Hertig Taylor, who died in November 1985. "He had finished, I am happy to say, his half of the substantive work [and] is therefore as fully co-author of this edition as of the first. Had he lived, it would have appeared much sooner." ==Layout== The work contains 952 pages. It is divided as follows: *Part I Novels of Detection, Crime, Mystery, and Espionage (pages 1–566) *Part II Short Stories, Collections, Anthologies, Magazines, Pastiches, and Plays (pages 569-698) *Part III Studies and Histories of the Genre, Lives of Writers, and the Literature of "Edwin Drood" (pages 701-754) *Part IV True Crime: Trials, Narratives of Cases, Criminology and Police Science, Espionage and Cryptography (pages 757-858) *Part V The Literature of Sherlock Holmes : Studies and Annotations of the Tales, Nonfiction Parodies, and Critical Pastiches (pages 859-874) ===Entries=== The book contains a total of 5,045 entries sorted, in each of the sections, in alphabetical order by the author's last name; where there is more than one entry for an author, each is in alphabetical order of the name of the work. Some entries are very short (one might say curt): one such—the only one for the author named—is: 1587 GRIFFIN, FRANK, Appointment with My Lady West 1946 A good opening chapter, after which everything goes to pieces. The narrator-hero always shouts and commits acts, including murder, without rhyme or reason. The "West 1946" refers to the publisher, John Westhouse Publishers, and to the year of publication. However, there are fifty-one entries for the prolific Agatha Christie. Christie wrote many other mystery stories, using several different detectives but Barzun and Taylor chose to review these only. The first entry (no. 749) for her After the Funeral, published in 1953, says in part: Not one of Agatha's best. The scheme is obvious and worked repetitiously. The last entry (no. 799) for her Why Didn't They Ask Evans?, published in 1935, contains three sentences, one of which is: The merit consists largely in Agatha's maintaining suspense about the small mystery of a name. The other forty-nine entries for Christie are quite mixed. They range in praise (or lack thereof) from: A Poirot story, and very dull... (entry no. 768, re Hickory, Dickory, Death, published in 1956) to: A triumph of her art...of motive-building. That is where A.C. is unrivaled. She knows how to make plausible the divergence between action and motive that maintains uncertainty until the physical clues...mesh with motive to disclose the culprit. (entry no. 769 re The Hollow, published in 1946). Part V The Literature of Sherlock Holmes... contains 81 entries (numbers 4965 through 5045). Included are, of course, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle himself, the originator of Holmes and the author of the 60 Holmes stories (56 short stories and four novelas). Also represented are a host of writers, some well-known from their works in other fields, and others little known to the general public but recognized by Sherlockian scholars as having made notable contributions to the Holmesian literature. Among the former are Isaac Asimov, the renowned science- fiction writer; the Roman Catholic clergyman Ronald Knox; and Christopher Morley, a long-time writer for the Saturday Review of Literature and author of some 50 literary works, among the best known of which are Kitty Foyle and Parnassus on Wheels; and, of course, Jacques Barzun himself. In the latter category are Dorothy Sayers, the British crime novelist (whose Lord Peter Wimsey stories are the best known); Howard Haycraft, a U.S. publishing executive whose The Art of the Mystery Story (published in 1946) is a recognized survey of the mystery genre; and Edgar Smith, a General Motors corporate executive who was one of the U.S. founders of the Baker Street Irregulars, the first organized group in the United States dedicated to the formation of local groups of Holmes aficionados around the country (called "scion societies") for the purpose of meeting regularly for the scholarly study of the Holmes adventures and to participate in such activities of other scion societies, in the United States and around the world. ==Reception== A Catalogue of Crime received a Special Edgar Award in 1972 from the Mystery Writers of America. The book won immediate praise for its sections on studies and histories of crime fiction, true crime, the Sherlock Holmes canon and stories of the supernatural, and for assembling the most complete annotated bibliography of mystery and detective fiction then known. But upon its publication and in the years since, A Catalogue of Crime has been criticized for its errors, omissions and genteel point of view. Ross Macdonald's May 1971 review for The New York Times is headed, "A study of mystery and detective fiction—massive and limited": > We are given pages of descriptions of books by such respectable but > pedestrian writers as John Rhode and Freeman Wills Crofts, while a brilliant > innovator and master of construction like Eric Ambler is represented in the > main descriptive text by two books. Graham Greene, perhaps the most > distinguished crime novelist of this century, is represented by a single > early work, "A Gun for Sale," with the thumbs-down comment, "Suspense only." > Georges Simenon has just one entry. Jorge Luis Borges, probably Poe's > greatest living literary descendant, is left out entirely. ... An even more > striking and inexplicable omission is that of Dashiell Hammett's The Glass > Key, which was Hammett's own favorite among his novels. "While any ambitious bibliographical/critical work of this scope is bound to contain errors, A Catalogue of Crime has some true honkers," wrote Kevin Burton Smith, editor of The Thrilling Detective website. "Some of the omissions are truly jaw-dropping, and some of the critiques are almost cute in their old-fashioned, damn-the-facts way. Its age is showing, more than most. ... Nonetheless, it's an important source, albeit more entertaining at this point than informative." ==References== ==External links== * Jacques Barzun and Wendell Hertig Taylor Papers, 1925–1975 at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Category:1971 non-fiction books Category:Crime reference works Category:Detective fiction Category:Harper & Row books Category:Spy fiction Category:Books of literary criticism
12000397	A King and No King	A King and No King is a Jacobean era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Francis Beaumont and John Fletcher and first published in 1619. It has traditionally been among the most highly praised and popular works in the canon of Fletcher and his collaborators. The play's title became almost proverbial by the middle of the 17th century, and was used repeatedly in the polemical literature of the mid-century political crisis to refer to the problem and predicament of King Charles I. ==Date and performance== Unlike some of the problematic Beaumont and Fletcher works (see, for example, Love's Cure, or Thierry and Theodoret), there is little doubt about the date and authorship of A King and No King. The records of Sir Henry Herbert, the Master of the Revels during much of the 17th century, assert that the play was licensed in 1611 by Herbert's predecessor Sir George Buck. The drama was acted at Court by the King's Men on 26 December 1611, again in the following Christmas season, and again on 10 January 1637. ==Publication== The play was entered into the Stationers' Register on 7 August 1618.E. K. Chambers, The Elizabethan Stage, 4 Volumes, Oxford, Clarendon Press, 1923; Vol. 3, p. 225. The first edition was the 1619 quarto issued by the bookseller Thomas Walkley, who would publish Philaster a year later. A second quarto appeared in 1625, also from Walkley; subsequent quarto editions followed in 1631 (from Richard Hawkins), 1639, 1655, 1661, and 1676 (all from William Leake), and 1693.Alfred Claghorn Potter, A Bibliography of Beaumont and Fletcher, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Library of Harvard University, 1890; p. 9. Like other previously-printed Beaumont and Fletcher plays, A King and No King was omitted from the first Beaumont and Fletcher folio of 1647, but was included in the second of 1679. ==Authorship== The authorship of the play is not disputed. Cyrus Hoy, in his survey of authorship problems in the Fletcher canon, provided this breakdown of the two dramatists' respective shares:Terence P. Logan and Denzell S. Smith, eds., The Later Jacobean and Caroline Dramatists: A Survey and Bibliography of Recent Studies in English Renaissance Drama, Lincoln, NE, University of Nebraska Press, 1978; pp. 59–60. :Beaumont -- Acts I, II, and III; Act IV, scene 4; Act V, 2 and 4; :Fletcher -- Act IV, scenes 1-3; Act V, 1 and 3 -- a division that agrees with the conclusions of earlier researchers and commentators.E. H. C. Oliphant, The Plays of Beaumont and Fletcher: An Attempt to Determine Their Respective Shares and the Shares of Others, New Haven, Yale University Press, 1927; pp. 167–9. ==After 1642== A staging of the popular drama was attempted during the closure of the theatres in the period of the English Civil War and the Interregnum (1642-60); a production was mounted at the Salisbury Court Theatre on 6 October 1647, only to be broken up by the authorities. As the play's publication history shows, it was popular after the Restoration. Samuel Pepys saw the play repeatedly in the early Restoration period. Charles Hart was well known for his portrayal of the protagonist, Arbaces; the 1676 quarto included a cast list that mentions Hart and other prominent actors of the era, including Edward Kynaston and Michael Mohun. The play remained in the active repertory well into the 18th century.Arthur Colby Sprague, Beaumont and Fletcher on the Restoration Stage, Cambridge, Massachusetts, Harvard University Press, 1926; pp. 3, 16, 18, 35 and ff. John Dryden was an admirer of A King and No King; his own play Love Triumphant (1694) bears a strong resemblance to the Beaumont/Fletcher work. Also influenced by the play was Mary Pix, when she wrote her The Double Distress (1701).Margarete Rubik, Early Women Dramatists, 1550-1800, London, Palgrave Macmillan, 1998; pp. 83–4. ==Synopsis== Arbaces, King of Iberia, has been abroad, fighting in the wars, for many years; he returns home in triumph, bringing with him Tigranes, the defeated king of Armenia. He intends to marry his sister Panthea to Tigranes. Meanwhile, he learns that his mother, Arane, who hates him, has plotted his assassination. The regent Gobrius has foiled the plot. Tigranes' fiancée Spaconia accompanies him into exile, hoping to avert Arbaces' plans for the marriage alliance. Tigranes promises her he will remain faithful. On his return Arbaces finds that he now has a powerful sexual attraction to his beautiful sister, the princess Panthea, whom he hasn't seen since childhood. Much of the play depicts his increasingly desperate struggle against his incestuous passion. Arbaces blames the protector Gobrius for his predicament; the minister had written Arbaces many letters during the king's years abroad, praising Panthea's beauty and her love for him. Panthea is also attracted to Arbaces, but her virtue restrains them both. The king becomes so desperate that he decides to murder Gobrius, rape Panthea, and then commit suicide. Meanwhile, Tigranes too falls in love with Panthea, even though this means he breaks his faith with Spaconia. Tigranes exercises the self- discipline and rationality that Arbaces struggles to achieve, and rededicates himself to Spaconia. Arbaces' dilemma is resolved when it is revealed that the situation is a complex hoax, staged by Arane and Gobrius to give an heir to the childless old king who was Arbaces' predecessor. Arane's plots against her supposed son were intended to restore the rightful succession. Arbaces is in fact Gobrius's son, and so Panthea is not actually his sister. Gobrius had plotted that his son would become the legitimate king, by marriage with Panthea; Arbaces does marry the princess, but steps down from the kingship. Arbaces is presented as a mixed character, brave and formidable in battle, but boastful and somewhat vulgar. His character is explained by the trick of his birth: he cannot behave with the nobility of a king, because he isn't one by "blood." The comic relief in the play is provided by the cowardly Bessus and his cronies; their subplot turns on the customs of honorable duelling – and their comical violation. (Bessus was a well-known comic creation; Queen Henrietta Maria refers to Bessus in a 25 February 1643 letter to her husband, Charles I.)Logan and Smith, p. 33. A King and No King has a strong degree of commonality with the same authors' Thierry and Theodoret. The former might be regarded as the tragicomic version, and the latter the tragic, of the same story. ==Critical responses== The play's prominence has earned it abundant attention from generations of critics.Logan and Smith, pp. 10, 12, 32-3, 37 and ff. Its "distinctiveness" has been described as "a firestorm of theatrical tricks meant to indulge the erotic fantasies and jaded tastes of Jacobean audiences..," combined with a "philosophical drama...of substantive political and ideological concerns."David Laird, "'A curious way of torturing': language and ideological transformation in A King and No King," in: Drama and Philosophy, edited by James Redmond; Cambridge, Cambridge University Press, 1990; pp. 107–8. The play constitutes a study of the consequences of royal intemperance in an absolute monarchy. ==References== Category:English Renaissance plays Category:1611 plays Category:Plays by Francis Beaumont Category:Plays by John Fletcher (playwright) Category:Plays by Beaumont and Fletcher Category:Tragicomedy plays Category:Charles I of England
12132506	A Crystal Christmas	A Crystal Christmas was the first holiday album by Crystal Gayle. All the songs on this album are classic holiday compositions with no new songs. It was released in October 1986. ==Track listing== == Personnel == * Crystal Gayle – vocals * Alan Steinberger – acoustic piano * David Innis – synthesizers * Bob Patin – synthesizers * Mark Casstevens – acoustic guitar * Steve Gibson – acoustic guitar, electric guitars * Chris Leuzinger – acoustic guitar, electric guitars * Jay Patten – acoustic guitar, saxophones * Duncan Mullins – bass * Michael Rhodes – bass * Eddie Bayers – drums * Tony Newman – drums * Jim Horn – saxophones, recorder * The Nashville String Machine – orchestra * Bergen White – orchestral arrangements and conductor * Carl Gorodetzky – concertmaster * Tom Brannon – backing vocals * Lori Brooks – backing vocals * Phil Forrest – backing vocals * Sheri Huffman – backing vocals * Lisa Silver – backing vocals * Diane Tidwell – backing vocals * Dennis Wilson – backing vocals === Production === * Jim Ed Norman – producer * Eric Prestidge – recording, mixing * Lee Groitzsch – recording assistant, mix assistant * Bob Vogt – recording assistant, mix assistant * Denny Purcell – mastering at Georgetown Masters (Nashville, Tennessee) * Laura LiPuma – art direction, design * John Forsman – photography ==Chart performance== Chart (1987) Peak position U.S. Billboard Top Country Albums 69 ==References== * Category:Crystal Gayle albums Category:1986 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Warner Records albums Category:Albums produced by Jim Ed Norman Category:Country Christmas albums
12212399	A Flintstones Christmas Carol	A Flintstones Christmas Carol (also known as The Flintstones: A Christmas Carol, or The Flintstones: in Charles Dickens' A Christmas Carol) is a 1994 American animated made-for-television film featuring characters from The Flintstones franchise, and based on the 1843 novella A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Produced by Hanna-Barbera, it features the voices of Henry Corden, Jean Vander Pyl and Frank Welker. It first aired November 21, 1994 in syndication The special followed numerous Christmas-themed The Flintstones productions. It has been released on DVD. ==Plot== The Bedrock Community Players is mounting A Christmas Carol, and all of the town's citizens are either planning to attend or be involved in the production: Barney Rubble is playing Bob Cragit, with Betty as Mrs. Cragit and his son Bamm-Bamm as Tiny Tim; Mr. Slate is Jacob Marbley; Wilma Flintstone is serving as the stage manager, while her daughter Pebbles plays Martha Cragit; even Dino has a role, playing the Cragit's family pet. It is Fred, though, who has landed the leading role of Ebonezer Scrooge. Unfortunately, he has let his role go to his head, thinking himself a star and spending all of his time rehearsing his lines rather than focusing on his job or family. On Christmas Eve, in his rush to get to work and complete his Christmas Shopping, Fred forgets that he must take Pebbles to "cave care", and later to pick her up from cave care. When Fred arrives at the theater, he discovers a furious Wilma, who breaks down in tears as she tells Fred about his mistake. The play finally begins with narrator Charles Brickens reading the opening lines, and after a momentary bout of stage fright, Fred enters. The play proceeds as normal. As the second act opens, Wilma and Betty discover that Garnet, the woman playing the Ghost of Christmas Past, has contracted the "Bedrock Bug," a flu-like illness. As stage manager, Wilma is left to play the part herself. During the next scene, at Fezziwig's Christmas party, Betty informs Wilma that Maggie has come down with the Bedrock Bug as well; Wilma dons her costume and plays Belle. Fred realizes he forgot the presents and runs to the store, he is approached by the hooded figure of the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, revealing to be the actor Philo Quartz, he drives him back to the theater. The second act takes place. The third act begins with the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come appearing before Scrooge; he shows the elderly man an abandoned gravestone marked with the words "EBONEZER SCROOGE." The scene shifts to Scrooge's bedchamber—he is alive, and he discovers that it is Christmas morning. He recruits a passing boy (played by the same child who Fred entrusted with his presents) to purchase a prize "Turkeysaurus" and have it sent to the Cragits for a feast. Scrooge prepares to go out and explore the city on Christmas morning; along the way, he meets Wilma, who has taken on the role of one of the members of the Piltdown Charitable Foundation, as the original actor has caught the Bedrock Bug. Fred acts as if the woman is Belle (much to narrator Brickens's frustration, as the ad-libbing is not in his script), and begs for both her and Wilma's forgiveness, admitting his recent selfishness and promising that he has changed his attitudes. Wilma reluctantly plays along. The play ends with the narrator informing the audience of the permanent change in the elderly man. Bamm-Bamm forgets his line "God bless us, everyone!," leaving Pebbles to make the declaration herself. When the curtain falls, the company drops Fred and scolds him "for being such a Scrooge." Fred apologizes, informing Wilma that he has finally realized that his friends and family, rather than his role in the production, are what matter most. As the company begins to depart, the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come takes off his hood, revealing himself as Dino, who took the part after Philo came down with the Bedrock Bug. A changed Fred says that when the Flintstones get home, he's going to make dinner and invite Wilma's mother. Unfortunately, after he says this, he comes down with the flu, and Wilma decides to make dinner with her mother's help, since the Bedrock Bug "lasts for a day". ==Voice cast== Performer The Flintstones character(s) A Christmas Carol character(s) Henry Corden Fred Flintstone Ebonezer Scrooge Jean Vander Pyl Wilma Flintstone Ghost of Christmas Past Belle Frank Welker Barney Rubble Bob Cragit Mr. Fezziwig Dino Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come B.J. Ward Betty Rubble Mrs. Cragit Russi Taylor Pebbles Flintstone Martha Cragit Birdy Don Messick Bamm-Bamm Rubble Tiny Tim Joe Rockhead John Stephenson Mr. Slate Jacob Marbley Marsha Clark Maggie Belle (originally cast) Miss Garnett Feldspar Ghost of Christmas Past (originally cast) Will Ryan Ned Fred Brian Cummings Erwin Ghost of Christmas Present René LeVant Philo Quartz Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come (originally cast) John Rhys-Davies Charles Brickens Charles Dickens ==Production== The special came after three Christmas-themed episodes and specials in The Flintstones franchise, namely "Christmas Flintstone" (1964), A Flintstone Christmas (1977) and A Flintstone Family Christmas (1993). It was produced by Hanna-Barbera in Los Angeles, California and directed by Joanna Romersa. The teleplay was written by Glenn Leopold, based on A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. The music was composed by Steve Bernstein. Jean Vander Pyl returned as the voice of Wilma Flintstone, a role she performed since first chosen by Bill Hanna and Joe Barbera to voice the character in 1960. The special was animated by Fil-Cartoons in Manila, Philippines ==Broadcast and release== The special premiered on the American Broadcasting Company on November 21, 1994. It has been rebroadcast in later years, by Boomerang and Canada's YTV. On September 26, 1995, Turner Home Entertainment initially released A Flintstones Christmas Carol on VHS in their Turner Family Showcase collection, debuting 24th among children's video rentals in the United States in October of the same year. Warner Home Video released it on DVD in Region 1 on October 2, 2007. An included bonus was "Christmas Flintstone", an episode from Season 5 of The Flintstones. ==Reception== The special received a Film Advisory Board award. TV Guide gave it two stars, saying the story within a story is challenged by "the continual cutting away to backstage incidents that turn the careful momentum of Dickens' narrative into jagged stops and starts," adding "how can these prehistoric folk be celebrating the birth of a messiah not due for several millenia?" ==See also== * Adaptations of A Christmas Carol * List of Christmas films * List of films featuring dinosaurs ==References== ===Bibliography=== * * ==External links== * * * * Category:1994 television films Category:1994 films Category:1990s American animated films Category:1990s Christmas films Category:American Broadcasting Company television specials Category:American Christmas comedy films Category:American television films Category:American animated comedy films Category:Animated Christmas films Category:Animated Christmas television specials Category:Animated films based on animated series Category:Animated films based on novels Category:Animated films set in the Stone Age Category:1990s Christmas comedy films Category:Christmas television films Category:Films based on A Christmas Carol Category:Television shows based on A Christmas Carol Category:Films based on television series Category:The Flintstones films Category:Hanna-Barbera animated films Category:Television films based on television series Category:American Christmas television specials
1240312	A Giant Alien Force More Violent & Sick Than Anything You Can Imagine	A Giant Alien Force More Violent & Sick Than Anything You Can Imagine is a 2002 Venetian Snares single released on the Hymen label, consisting of one fifteen-and-a-half minute long experimental breakcore track (the track happens to have a 15/4 time signature). The packaging consists of a jewellery box- style case containing a 3" CD and a working television-shaped View-Master with a slide show of artwork from Hymen label owner Stefan Alt, AKA Salt. The single was limited to small number of copies and sold out within a week after its release. ==Track listing== # "A Giant Alien Force More Violent & Sick Than Anything You Can Imagine" – 15:34 == External links == *Hymen Records page for this release * Category:Venetian Snares albums Category:2002 EPs
12459639	A Day at the Races (video)	A Day at the Races is a DVD released by Welsh rock band Stereophonics. It was released on 27 May 2002. The DVD features live recordings from a concert at the Millennium Stadium from 21 July 2001. == Track listing == Category:Stereophonics video albums Category:V2 Records video albums Category:2002 video albums Category:Live video albums Category:2002 live albums
12621170	A Fool in Love	"A Fool in Love" is the debut single by Ike & Tina Turner. It was released on Sue Records in 1960. The song is Tina Turner's first professional release although she had been recording with Ike Turner and his Kings of Rhythm since 1958. It was the first national hit record for bandleader Ike Turner since the number-one R&B; hit "Rocket 88" in 1951, for which he did not receive proper credit. "A Fool In Love" is one of the first R&B; recordings to successfully cross over to the pop charts and became a million-seller. Music journalist Kurt Loder deemed it "the blackest record to creep into the white pop charts since Ray Charles's gospel-styled 'What'd I Say.'" ==Background== By 1956, Ike Turner and his Kings of Rhythm had a reputation as one of the liveliest bands in the St. Louis and East St. Louis club scenes. Ann Bullock from Nutbush, Tennessee, caught the band's act at the predominantly black East St. Louis club, Manhattan Club, with her sister Alline Bullock. After witnessing Turner perform, she tried several times to get his attention so that she could get on stage with him and the band. In 1957, 17-year-old Bullock finally got her chance when she got hold of the microphone from her sister's boyfriend, drummer Eugene Washington, during an intermission. She sang the B.B. King ballad, "You Know I Love You", while Turner, who played piano on the original version with King, was playing the organ. Stunned by her voice, Turner asked her if she knew other material. By the end of the night, she was given a spot as a vocalist in his band. Bullock was renamed "Little Ann" by Turner and she tried in vain to become the lead vocalist of the band, but Turner already had a bevy of other singers on his roster. She made her debut on Turner's single, "Boxtop," released on Tune Town Records in 1958. The song also featured vocalist Carlson Oliver and Turner who sang the bass-baritone. ==Recording and release== In March 1960, Turner took his band to Technisonic Studios to record a song he had written titled "A Fool in Love" for Art Lassiter. Lassiter's background vocalists Robbie Montgomery, Frances Hodges, and Sandra Harden were known as the Artettes. They were present for the recording session, but Lassiter failed to show up to record the song. Turner recalled that he had lent Lassiter $80 for new tires on his car and he never returned. Bullock, who knew the song from rehearsals, suggested that she sing the song. Turner already paid for the studio time so he decided to record a demo with Bullock and the Artettes. He had intentions of erasing Bullock's vocals in the event that Lassiter returned to record. After Turner played the record during a gig at Club Imperial in St. Louis, a local disc jockey asked him to send it to Juggy Murray, president of R&B; label Sue Records, in New York. Murray was impressed by Bullock's vocals and suggested that Turner keep her vocals on the record. Convinced it was a hit, Murray offered Turner a $20,000 advance for the song. Turner changed Bullock's stage name from "Little Ann" to "Tina Turner," giving her the name of Tina because it rhymed with Sheena, Queen of the Jungle. Paranoid that she would leave him like his previous vocalists, he trademarked the name as a form of protection so that if she left him, he could replace her with another singer. "A Fool In Love" was released on Sue in July 1960, and soon became the top selling record in St. Louis. On August 15, the single peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot R&B; Sides. By fall it had crossed over to the pop charts, peaking at No. 27 on the Billboard Hot 100 on October 17, 1960. The record became the duo's first million-seller and they embarked on a grueling tour of one-nighters to promote the song which included performances at the Apollo Theater in Harlem in New York City. They made their first national TV appearance on American Bandstand, when Bullock was over eight months pregnant, on October 3, 1960. The song was included on their debut album The Soul of Ike & Tina Turner (1961). Turner produced similar sequels such as "Crazy In Love" (1962) by Robbie Montgomery and the Ikettes, "Wake Up" (1963) from the album Don't Play Me Cheap, and "Am I A Fool In Love" (1964) from the compilation The Soul of Ike & Tina. == Personnel == * Background vocals: The Artettes (Robbie Montgomery, Sandra Harding, and Frances Hodges) * Bass guitar: Jesse Knight Jr. * Composer lyricist: Ike Turner * Drums: T.N.T. Tribble * Lead vocals: Tina Turner * Piano: Fred Sample * Producer: Ike Turner == Critical reception == Billboard (August 1, 1960): "A bluesy rocker. The chanters use a touch of gospel style in the screaming passages." Cash Box (August 6, 1960): "Ike Turner and his Kings of Rhythm are stirring instrumental support for Tina's belting blues delivery. An enticing rhythmic with a bright future." ==Reissues== "A Fool In Love" was reissued on the album Dynamite (1962). Ike & Tina Turner recorded another version for the album River Deep - Mountain High in 1966. The song was reissued on various compilations, including The Greatest Hits of Ike & Tina Turner (1965), Greatest Hits (1976), Get Back (1985), Proud Mary: The Best of Ike & Tina Turner (1991), and The Ike & Tina Turner Story: 1960–1975 (2007). == Chart performance == Chart (1960) Peak position US Billboard Hot 100 27 US Billboard Hot R&B; Sides 2 US Billboard Honor Roll of Hits 27 US Cash Box Top 100 19 == Covers == A live version by Ike & Tina featuring the then current Ikettes was released on the album In Person in 1969. Tina Turner performed "A Fool In Love" during her early solo tours in the late 1970s. She recorded a rendition of the song for the 1993 soundtrack album What's Love Got to Do with It. She later performed it during her Twenty Four Seven Tour and on the TV show Ally McBeal in 2000. "A Fool In Love" is an often-covered song on singing competition shows. Contestants Tamyra Gray (2002), Diana DeGarmo (2004), and Fantasia Barrino (2004) performed it on American Idol. It was also performed on The X Factor by Olly Murs (2009) and by Fleur East (2014). ==References== Category:1960 debut singles Category:Tina Turner songs Category:Ike & Tina Turner songs Category:Songs written by Ike Turner Category:Song recordings produced by Ike Turner Category:1960 songs Category:Sue Records singles
12666064	A Bird in the House	A Bird in the House, first published in 1970, is a short story sequence written by Margaret Laurence.Foster Stovel, Nora (spring 2006). "That house in Manawaka: Margaret Laurence's A Bird in the House: Review", The American Review of Canadian Studies 26 (1): 135.Kertzer, Jon (1992). That house in Manawaka: Margaret Laurence's A Bird in the House. Toronto: ECW Press. Noted by Laurence to be "semi-autobiographical",Foster Stovel, Nora (winter 1999/2000). "Mourning becomes Margaret: Laurence's farewell to fiction", Journal of Canadian Studies 34 (4): 105–21. the series chronicles the growing up of a young agnostic writer, Vanessa MacLeod, in the fictional town of Manawaka, Manitoba.Tracy, Honor (April 19, 1970). "Growing up in Manawaka: A Bird in The House", The New York Times, p. 336. A Bird in the House was written from the perspective of Vanessa at age forty, while she recalls her childhood (with the exception of the final chapter Jericho's Brick Battlements, when she revisits her childhood home). It is therefore impossible to tell if young Vanessa was truly able to understand the events unfolding around her, or if she gained that understanding later in life. Originally published as a series of independent short stories, ==Main characters== Vanessa MacLeod: The protagonist, various ages throughout the novel. The character is a middle-aged woman who uses flashback to reveal lessons learned from her family as she grows up. Beth MacLeod, Vanessa's mother: Beth is a former nurse, as it is revealed in Chapter 3, "The Mask of the Bear". Now that she has children, she is a homemaker and peacemaker. She avoids conflict, especially with her hot-tempered father. She has a close relationship with her sister, Edna. Ewen MacLeod, Vanessa's father: A doctor, like his father. He is unable to make money to support the family during the great depression, a time when people often pay him in chicken and potatoes. His father-in-law, Timothy Connor, often criticizes him for this lack of wealth. He was a soldier during World War I, and witnessed the death of his younger brother Roderick. It is possible that he blames himself for his brother's death. He has an extensive collection of books about travel, which he thumbs through longingly, but never uses because he has never been able to travel. Roderick MacLeod, Vanessa's younger brother: Born in Chapter 2, "To Set Our House In Order". He is named after Ewen's brother, who died in World War I. Edna Connor: Beth's sister, Vanessa's maternal aunt. A light-hearted and beautiful but troubled woman. She lives with her parents until she is twenty-eight, cooking and cleaning, unable to find a job and unwilling to marry simply for escape. Vanessa loves her for her kindness and admires her for her glamour. She and Vanessa are the only characters who argue with Timothy Connor. In Chapter 3, "The Mask Of The Bear", she receives a visit from an old lover, Jimmy Lorimer. He comes to the house for dinner, and Edna's father is cruel and rude to him. The author implies that all of Edna's suitors have received this kind of harsh treatment. In Chapter 8, "Jericho's Brick Battlements", she marries Wes Grigg, who works for the Canadian National Railway. The narrator implies that Edna has found happiness with Wes, who shares Edna's warm sense of humour, and who is able to stand up to Grandfather Connor. Timothy Connor: Vanessa's maternal grandfather. He is married to Agnes Connor, and they have several adult children. Two of them are his daughters, Beth and Edna. He is a prejudiced, gruff, impatient, unsympathetic, demanding, complaining person, who constantly criticizes. Many of the novel's conflicts focus on the other characters trying to ask him for help or approval, which he refuses. He is represented in several symbols in the novel, including his proud brick house, his rugged bear-skin coat, and his dilapidated old car. He has worked hard for all of his life, something he brings up often and loudly. He proclaims at various points throughout the novel, "all labour unions were composed of thugs and crooks; if people were unemployed it was due to their own laziness; if people were broke it was because they were not thrifty" (Chapter 3, "The Mask of the Bear"). Agnes Connor: Vanessa's maternal grandmother. Quiet, religious, unfailingly kind and calm. She is a foil character for her husband, and she is the only character to successfully oppose him. For example, when Timothy Connor has a fight with his brother Dan, Agnes quietly states "you'd best go after him", which Timothy does (Chapter 1, "The Sound of the Singing"). Because she never reveals any of her emotions on the surface, she is a difficult character to understand, something which Vanessa points out several times. "It was tacitly understood among all members of the family that Grandmother was not to be upset. Only Grandfather was allowed to upset her. The rest of us coddled her gladly, assuming that she needed protection...If it had been a weekday, she would have been knitting an afghan, but as it was Sunday she was reading the Bible with the aid of a magnifying glass. She did not believe in eyeglasses, which were, she thought, unnatural. She did not believe in smoking or drinking or the playing of cards, either, but she never pushed her beliefs at other people nor made any claims for her own goodness" (Chapter 1, "The Sound of the Singing"). Dan Connor: Timothy Connor's brother, Vanessa's great uncle. Vanessa describes him as "downright", because he is low-class. "He had a farm in South Wachakwa Valley, but he never planted any crops. He raised horses, and spent most of his time travelling around the country, selling them. At least, he was supposed to be selling them, but Aunt Edna said that he had horse-trading in his blood and couldn't resist swapping, so he usually came back to Manawaka with the same number of horses he started out with, only they were different horses and no money. He had never married. [Vanessa] liked him because he always carried brown hot-tasting humbugs in his pockets, usually covered with navy fluff from his coat, and he sang Irish songs" (Chapter 1, "The Sound of the Singing"). Nevertheless, Vanessa is embarrassed by him because he is often unkempt and dirty, and he is eccentric and overly friendly. Grandmother MacLeod: Vanessa's paternal grandmother. A conservative woman who is unable to accept the family's change in circumstances. She behaves as if the family is still wealthy, ordering fancy linens and silver from catalogues == Chapter summaries == A Bird in The House has been reprinted multiple times. A new edition was issued by McClelland & Stewart as part of the New Canadian Library in January 2010. CHAPTER 1: The Sound of the Singing In this chapter, we get to know Vanessa, a 12-year-old girl, and her family. She describes herself as a "professional listener" because she grows up in an adult environment, so she hears all their conversations. That night, the family will have dinner in the Brick House, Nessa's grandparent's house. They received an unexpected visit from Uncle Dan. Agnes, Vanessa's grandmother, asks her husband to treat him nicely and behave. So, he is the only one allowed to smoke in the house. The visitor is a cheerful person and starts to sing. Timothy (her brother and Nessa's grandfather) stops him and gets furious when he asks him for money. He throws him out of the house, but obeying orders from his wife (Agnes), he goes and looks for him outside. That is when the child discovers that Uncle Dan was once in love with her grandma. Both brothers come inside again and share a coffee. Then, Uncle Dan leaves the house, singing, and Vanessa runs after him to keep him company for a while. Chapter 2: To Set Our House in Order. In chapter two of "A Bird in the House" by Margaret Laurence, the narrator, Vanessa, recounts her childhood memories of growing up in the small town of Manawaka, Manitoba. She reflects on her family, including her mother and father, her grandparents, and her aunt. Vanessa describes her family as being close-knit, but also notes the tension and conflicts that existed within the household. She also describes the town of Manawaka and the people who lived there, painting a picture of a tight-knit community where everyone knew each other's business. The chapter ends with Vanessa reflecting on the role of storytelling in her family and the way it helped her to understand and make sense of her experiences. Chapter 3: The Mask of the Bear. In chapter three of "A Bird in the House" by Margaret Laurence, the narrator, Vanessa, continues to reflect on her childhood memories of growing up in the small town of Manawaka. She describes her relationship with her grandparents, particularly her grandfather, who she was very close with. She also talks about her grandmother, who was a strict and religious woman, who was always concerned about the moral well-being of the family. Vanessa describes how her grandparents' home was a place of refuge for her, where she felt safe and loved. She also describes the role that religion played in her family, with her grandmother being a devout member of the Baptist church, and how this affected the family's beliefs and values. The chapter ends with Vanessa reflecting on the sense of belonging and rootedness that she felt in Manawaka, and how it shaped her identity. The chapter contains the death of Vanessa's Grandmother Connor, and highlights the strained relationship she had with her husband, Grandfather Connor. He is shown to be a proud man without the ability to show strong emotions other than contempt or anger - to don the "mask of the bear". His relationship with his daughters, especially with Vanessa's aunt Edna, is also highlighted, with Timothy Connor revealed as a controlling and difficult man who often scared Edna's suitors away. ==References== Category:1970 short story collections Category:Books by Margaret Laurence Category:Manitoba in fiction Category:Canadian short story collections Category:New Canadian Library
12712771	A Gentleman of Paris (1927 film)	A Gentleman of Paris is a 1927 American silent comedy film loosely based on the novel and play Bellamay the Magnificent by Roy Horniman. The film was directed by Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast and stars Adolphe Menjou, Arlette Marchal, Nicholas Soussanin, Lawrence Grant, and William B. Davidson. The feature has been preserved and was released on DVD in 2010. The movie was also the basis for the 1928 film A Certain Young Man.The American Film Institute Catalog Feature Films: 1921-30 published by the American Film Institute, c.1971 ==Plot summary== Marquis de Marignan is a brazen womanizer who spends most of his life escaping the wrath of husbands he has angered. Joseph, his faithful valet frequently rescues Marignan from disaster. But when Joseph finds out that his boss has been sleeping with his wife, he plots a scheme to publicly humiliate Marquis by exposing him as a card cheat. The ruse works, but Marignan manages to have the last laugh by faking his own suicide and returning to haunt Joseph into confessing his scheme. ==Cast== * Adolphe Menjou as Marquis de Marignan * Shirley O'Hara as Jacqueline * Arlette Marchal as Yvonne Dufour * Ivy Harris as Henriette * Nicholas Soussanin as Joseph Talineau * Lawrence Grant as General Baron de Latour * William B. Davidson as Henri Dufour * Lorraine MacLean as Cloakroom Girl ==References== ==External links== * * *dvd of the film *Still at nypl.org *Stills and a review at mysteryfile.com Category:1927 films Category:1927 comedy films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1920s English-language films Category:American silent feature films Category:Paramount Pictures films Category:Films based on British novels Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Films with screenplays by Herman J. Mankiewicz Category:Films directed by Harry d'Abbadie d'Arrast Category:1920s American films
12719760	A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun	A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun, also known by its original title The Solid Ones, is a 2000 romantic comedy film written and directed by Brent Florence, who also stars in the picture. A festival acquisition executive-produced by Roger Corman, it is a low budget independent film with a cast consisting primarily of unknown actors, and representing June Allyson's final role in film. The project was filmed using Sony's HD-CAM format. Distribution was subsequently acquired by Disney and the film was released on video as A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun (a.k.a. A Girl, 3 Guys and a Gun). ==Plot== Frank (Brent Florence) is a Northern California 20-year-old who has just been dumped by his girlfriend. He and his slacker buddies Joey (Kenny Luper) and Neil (Christian Leffler) want to escape their small town but lack the funds. To finance their escape, they rob the local bingo tournament, and although their haul was small, the three decide to go to the big city anyway. On the road, their car breaks down. They then take Hope (Tracy Zahoryin) and her boyfriend Dave (Josh Holland) as hostages. The group is being pursued by two bumbling cops. ==Cast== * Josh Holland as Dave * Tava Smiley as Allysa * Michael Trucco as Trevor * June Allyson as Joey's Grandma * Natasha Henstridge as 5 O'Clock Girl * Kenny Luper as Joey * Tracy Zahoryin as Hope * Brent Florence as Frank * Christian Leffler as Neil * Robin Clark as Hellman * John Lexing as Smith * Dorothy Scott as Grandma Boyde * Martin Veselich as Uncle Rick * Doreen Lacey as Joey's Mom * David Ashrow as Ed ==Reception== The film had its world premiere screening as The Solid Ones at Cinequest in March 2000 to a standing room only audience. Following the Cinequest screening, Variety generally panned the film. While noting June Allyson's part in the project, and finding the film's technical aspects as acceptable, they found the film's humor as quirky and lame, its otherwise serious themes feebly handled, and its leads as poor casting choices who failed to convince viewers as "local yokels". They wrote it was a "wan replay of the already derivative youthful-buddy-caper hijinx in indies like Bottle Rocket and Palookaville, Solid Ones offers tepid comedy and vague, touchy-feely dramatics, making for an inconsequential feature debut from writer-helmer-star Brent Florence. Like several preemed titles at San Jose fest, pic suggests the hype about digitally shot pics will prove hollow so long as products come off like low-end direct-to-vid fodder". DVD Talk granted that filmmaker "Brent Florence clearly did his homework", due to the film being "just a bit more polished and streamlined than many of its ilk", but felt that the characters were not believable when writing they were "all transparent puppets for the scattershot screenplay, which wants to balance playfulness, danger, and sincerity, but fails with a disappointing consistency". Their acting was good but failed by being "in service of a half- baked plot, some fairly tired comedy schtick, and a handful of seriously over- familiar themes." The film had its video premiere 4 December 2001 under the title A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun. ==Release== ===DVD=== The DVD offers anamorphic widescreen, and while not perfect it is appreciated "to see a flick presented in its original form." The audio offered no extras, but is "entirely listen-able." DVD extras offer two audio commentaries, "one with the multi- hatted Brent Florence and music supervisor Todd Hannigan, and the other with Florence & Hannigan, cast members Kenny Luper & Christian Leffler and "creative" component Bret Haley. Also included is a 7-minute outtake reel and a handful of trailers for A Girl, 3 Guys and a Gun, Up Against Amanda, Raptor, and Hard as Nails." ==References== ==External links== *A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun at Allmovie * *A Girl, Three Guys, and a Gun at Rotten Tomatoes Category:2000s American films Category:2000 comedy films Category:2000s crime comedy films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000 films Category:2001 films Category:2001 romantic comedy films Category:American crime comedy films Category:American romantic comedy films Category:Fictional quartets Category:Films produced by Roger Corman Category:English-language crime comedy films Category:English-language romantic comedy films
12896682	A Bolha	A Bolha (The Bubble) is a Brazilian rock (music) band that formed in 1965 as The Bubbles. ==History== The Band was started by Cesar and Renato Ladeira in 1965. They started out only playing cover songs and in 1966 released their first single, The Bubbles, which consisted of 2 cover songs by The Rolling Stones and Los Shakers. In 1970 they changed their name to A Bolha and the band now consisted of Renato Ladeira on keyboard, Pedro Lima on guitar, Arnaldo Brandão on bass and Gustavo Schroeter on drums. In 1971 their next single, Sem Nada, was released, and in 1973 their first LP Um Passo à Frente was recorded and released. In 1977 their next LP, É Proibido Fumar was released. After 30 years of not recording they finally released a CD in 2007 called É so curtir. They have played with famous Brazilian musicians such as Gal Costa, Erasmo Carlos, Caetano Veloso and Raul Seixas. ==Discography== *The Bubbles (1966) **Side A: Não Vou Cartar o Cabelo (Break It All) **Side B: Por que Sou Tão Feio (Get Out of My Cloud) *A Bolha (1971) **Side A: Sem Nada/18:30 **Side B: Os Hemadecons Cantavam em Coro Chôôôô.. *Um Passo a Frente (1973) ** 01 - Um Passo à Frente ** 02 - Razão de Existir ** 03 - Bye My Friend ** 04 - Epitáfio ** 05 - Tempos Constantes ** 06 - A Espera ** 07 - Neste Rock Forever * É proibido fumar (1977, LP) ** 01 - Deixe Tudo de Lado ** 02 - Difícil é Ser Fiel ** 03 - É Proibido Fumar ** 04 - Estações ** 05 - Sai do Ar ** 06 - Consideração ** 07 - Torta de Maçã ** 08 - Luzes da Cidade ** 09 - Clímax ** 10 - Vem Quente Que Eu Estou Fervendo ** 11 - Talão de Cheques * É so curtir (2007, CD) ** 01 - É Só Curtir ** 02 - Não Sei ** 03 - Cinema Olimpia ** 04 - Sem Nada ** 05 - Sub Entendido ** 06 - Não Pare na Pista ** 07 - Matermatéria ** 08 - Cecília ** 09 - Você Me Acende ( You Turn Me On) - Part. Esp.: Erasmo Carlos ** 10 - Rosas ** 11 - Desligaram os Meus Controles ==Soundtracks== *Salário Minimo, Brazilian film from 1970 in which the band appears playing in the opening. *1972, 2006 Brazilian movie in which the band plays the songs É Só Curtir and Sem Nada. ==Bibliography== *Bahiana, Ana Maria. Almanaque Anos 70. Rio de Janeiro: Ediouro, 2006 (Almanac of the 70s.) *https://web.archive.org/web/20070312180705/http://www.senhorf.com.br/revista/revista.jsp?codTexto=2461 (Portuguese) Category:Musical groups established in 1965 Category:Brazilian progressive rock groups Category:1965 establishments in Brazil
12937367	A Gesture Life	A Gesture Life is a 1999 novel written by Chang-Rae Lee which takes the form of a narrative of an elderly medical-supply salesman named Doc Hata, who deals with everyday life in a small town in the United States called Bedley Run, and who remembers treating Korean comfort women for the Japanese Imperial Army during World War II. He once owned a medical and surgical supply store and he has an adopted daughter named Sunny. All the problems which Doc Hata has to deal with stem from his experiences serving the Japanese Imperial Army in the World War II. Chang-Rae Lee won the Asian American Literary Award for the novel. ==Plot summary== The whole story, told by the first person narrator Doc Hata, consists of flashbacks. The main story line begins from the time he gives up his store in Bedley Run until he meets his adopted daughter again. The sub story lines show the reader about his time during the war, and about his time with a teenage daughter and how difficult it was to raise her. At the beginning of the story, Doc Hata describes his current situation and place of living. He lives in a small but affluent town called Bedley Run, where he is from the first accepted by the other inhabitants as a decent shopkeeper and later revered as the ideal citizen. His previous occupation is revealed to be that of a shop owner, as he formerly owned the pharmacy named Sunny Medical Supply, which he has sold to a young couple from New York. He has difficulty leaving his old life behind him and visits his old store nearly every day. Liv Crawford is introduced, who is a real estate agent and wants him to move and sell his house. Doc Hata thinks a lot about his past in Bedley Run but also about his past experiences in Japan. He gives many insights into his daily routines, such as walking by his old store and going to swim every day in his pool. He thinks a lot about his daughter Sunny and how she arrived when she was a little girl. Later on, it becomes clear that Sunny was adopted and that Doc Hata specifically wanted to a girl, and even bribed the relevant person to get what he wanted. He remembers Sunny playing the piano and the initial problems he had with her. In the first flashback we can see how he remembers his time with Mary Burns, one of his neighbors. He remembers meeting her the first time during his gardening. She quickly becomes a kind of girlfriend for him and spends a lot of time with Sunny, who does not accept her at all. Although Mary Burns works a lot on her relationship with Sunny, the young girl does not get along with her. In her first conversation with Doc Hata it becomes clear that he is not a real doctor, but that everybody calls him 'doc' because of his store. Mary Burns is very impressed by him because he lives in a house that would fit a real doctor and his salary. At the beginning, the relationship between Doc Hata and Mary Burns is very close but they soon start to argue about Sunny and how Doc Hata treats her. Doc Hata gives one piece of information about his daughter after the other, never giving all the information at the same point. While the story is going on it becomes clear that a big fight between Doc Hata and Sunny took place a while ago and separated them. During a stay in the hospital, where he has to stay for almost burning his own house, Doc Hata remembers what this fight was about. In hospital Officer Como's daughter visits Doc Hata and he begins to remember which problems Sunny had with Officer Como. Sunny was in trouble and she did not accept the authority of the police officer. This is just the beginning of the tragedy which is going on between Sunny and Doc Hata. At this point of the story, in the flashback situation, it becomes clear that Sunny runs away from home and that she meets with dubious persons. Going on in the story, Doc Hata goes back in time a lot; he starts to talk about his time in World War II. He explains that most of the soldiers and also some officers had fun with abducted young women, who were brought there for the pleasures of the soldiers. He talks in particular about one girl he thought of the whole time. He is determined to find Sunny again from the information given to him by a police officer. He also gives more background information on his conflict with Sunny. He encounters her in a mall, where failure of business is imminent in all the stores except for the one Sunny manages. She now has a son, named Thomas. Doc Hata tries to reconcile with Sunny by offering to help her take care of her son, whom Sunny is too busy to pay attention to. Sunny also expresses her need to find new ways of employment, as her store will be closing soon. In a flashback, Hata focuses on his relationship with K. She is a sex slave (comfort woman) from Korea. Originally, Captain Ono expresses a peculiar interest in her, and Hata as well; Ono tells Hata that she is to be kept away from the comfort house, where the other comfort women are staying, and also tells him to inform everyone that she is sick, signified by a kurohata (black flag), to make sure that only he had access to her. K grows close to Lieutenant Kurohata, because they are able to talk to each other in her native tongue. The two speak frequently of their backgrounds, and it is revealed that K is from a higher-class family that did not value their daughters, resulting in her "volunteering" to become a comfort woman. Kurohata finds himself thinking about her frequently, growing more anxious to see her in the evenings every day. He falls in love with her intelligent demeanor and ethereal beauty. He is overcome with desire and has intercourse with her without her consent. Later, Captain Ono tells Lieutenant Kurohata that he is going to have sex with K, and when he reports this to K, she begs him to kill her, saying that if he truly did love her, he wouldn't naively think that they could live together after the war. Kurohata refuses. When Ono arrives and tries to have sex with her, she stabs him in the throat, killing him. She asks Hata to kill her too with Ono's pistol, but instead, he fires his gun at Ono's corpse and tells the others that Ono was showing off his gun and accidentally killed himself. In the end, Doc Hata does not say explicitly that K died after she is raped by 30 or more soldiers, but it is clear that she dies. He admits that he has frequent hallucinations of her in his house in Bedley Run, draped with a black flag. Doc Hata eventually changes for the better and appears to move on from his traumatic experiences in the war. He and Sunny grow closer again, and he is shown selling his house. ==The characters== ===Doc (Franklin) Hata=== The figure of Doc Hata functions as the narrator and tells every part of the story through his eyes. He tells us not only about his time in Bedley Run, but also very briefly about his childhood, then about his time in World War II, and also about his time with his daughter Sunny. He does not tell all these events in chronological order but instead in sporadic episodes. The novel consists of several flashbacks which tell us more about Hata's life and his rituals. Hata lives in a grand house located in Bedley Run, owned a medical store, and was a medic in World War II. His name is Japanese, but he is an ethnic Korean and was adopted by a childless Japanese couple. He lived his youth on the south-western coast of Japan. He tells us that he was not a nice child, but a difficult one, who was not generous to his foster parents who treated him as considerately as a real son. He is stationed in Burma in 1944 during the war. He is there as a paramedical officer, field-trained but not formally educated. He is referred to as Lieutenant Jiro Kurohata. In Burma, he is responsible for taking care of the comfort women, who are responsible for maintaining morale and "health". Not only is he responsible for their upkeep, but he also falls in love with one of the girls, Kkutaeh. At this time he thinks that Kkutaeh, referred to by Hata as K, is in love with him, too, but later it becomes clear that this love was unilateral. In Hata's first years in Bedley Run, he owns a store called Sunny Medical Supply, named after his daughter. He adopts Sunny when she is a young girl. Although he tells everybody that he is a happy father, in reality, he has a lot of problems with her, as he is too generous and too frequently expresses his concerns with her future. He attempts to create a happy family when he meets Mary Burns, but Sunny disapproves. All these things induce Sunny to leave her father. Doc Hata is a man who lives his life through rituals. He is not fond of the "retirement lifestyle", so he continues his routine day after day. His life motto is "Routine triumphs over everything". Eventually, he breaks his comfortable repetition. ===Sunny=== Sunny is the reserved and rebellious daughter of Doc Hata. As a young girl, she is sent by a Christian Adoption Agency to Hata in the United States. She is immediately uncomfortable. She does not like Hata's house, and later, dislikes her adopted father's behavior. As a teenager, she becomes very difficult and is rarely home. She does not respect anyone, opposing Hata and Mary Burns and even the police. She spends her nights in a disreputable part of town with hoodlums. When Doc Hata becomes aware of her behavior, the two of them fight, and this causes Sunny to permanently leave the house. Sunny is sexually assaulted by one of the men she is living with, and her assailant is stabbed by another housemate in Sunny's defense. She revisits her home with Hata. It soon becomes clear that she and Doc Hata cannot repair their relationship as father and daughter. One event which makes their relationship more strained is when Hata forces Sunny to have an abortion. After this occurs, it is implied that Sunny leaves for good, never to see her father again. As an adult, Sunny works at the Ebbington Mall as a shop manager. She is 32 when she and Hata meet again. Sunny also has a son, named Thomas, who is almost six years old. Hata tries to do everything to help Sunny, including taking care of Thomas. She accepts that Hata and Thomas spend a lot of time together, but she does not want Thomas to know that Hata is his grandfather. The situation between Hata and Sunny improves towards the end. ===Mary Burns=== Mary Burns was Hata's neighbor and girlfriend during his middle age. (She dies before the events of the book begin, but much of the past is told in present tense.) She spends a lot of time in the country club of Bedley Run, where she is very socially active. She has two adult daughters who do not live at home and who rarely visit their mother. Her late husband, a doctor, is deceased as well. She first meets Doc Hata while he was working in his garden. She mistakes Hata for a doctor, like her husband was. After their first meeting, Hata and Mary Burns develop an intimate relationship, as they provide each other company and go out frequently together. Mary Burns spends a lot of time with Sunny, but she fails in coming any closer to her. This and the fact that she is not happy about how Hata treats his daughter ends their relationship. She dies before the events of the book begin. ===K=== K, whose real name is Kkutaeh, is an intellectual Korean girl who is brought with her sister as a sex slave (comfort woman) to the camp in which Hata works as medical officer. At home she has two more sisters and one brother. She is, like all the other girls, placed under Hata's care. Her sister is mercy-killed by a soldier that takes pity on her, who is later executed. A senior officer and head doctor, Captain Ono, takes special interest in K. Captain Ono isolates her from the rest of the camp, locking her in a small storage closet at night. When K is not with Captain Ono, presumably servicing him, she is with Hata in the infirmary. Both men pretend that she is sick during this time so that she can avoid servicing the rest of the camp. Hata falls in love with her after spending a lot of time with her; when Hata tells her this, she accuses him of lying, saying he only wants her for sex. However, she sees Hata's "love" for her as an opportunity, and she asks him to kill her. He refuses to do so, naively believing that she will be able to survive all of this. He is also unable to kill Captain Ono whose attentions and intentions toward K are base in nature. The love Hata has toward K is one-sided at best. He consummates his love for her while she is sleeping, which he clearly does not view as rape. However, he does hear her cry after he leaves her. ==See also== *Chang-Rae Lee *Comfort women ==References== Lee, Chang-Rae (1999). A Gesture Life. London: Granta Books. ==External links== *Notes on A Gesture Life, Part 1 (Archived 2009-10-23) *Notes on A Gesture Life, Part 2 (Archived 2009-10-23) *The Asian American Literary Prize Category:1999 American novels Category:Novels by Chang-Rae Lee Category:Novels set in Myanmar Category:Novels set in Singapore Category:Novels set in New York (state)
12947743	A Darkness More Than Night	A Darkness More Than Night is the tenth novel by American crime author Michael Connelly; it is the seventh featuring the Los Angeles detective Hieronymus "Harry" Bosch, and the second featuring FBI profiler Terry McCaleb, with reporter Jack McEvoy (The Poet) also making an appearance in a supporting role. ==Plot summary== Terry McCaleb and Graciela Rivers have married and have an infant daughter named Cielo, and McCaleb's fishing charter business is running full-time on Catalina Island. Nevertheless, sheriff's deputy Jaye Winston brings McCaleb a file involving the ritualistic murder of a suspect named Edward Gunn, and asks McCaleb to take a look at it, as the police have gotten nowhere. As McCaleb analyzes the clues, they seem to point straight toward Harry Bosch, whom McCaleb knows from a previous investigation before his retirement. Bosch is currently a key witness in a separate high-profile murder case involving movie director David Storey, who is on trial for murdering an actress during rough sex and staging her death to look like autoerotic asphyxiation. Author/reporter Jack McEvoy, who wrote The Poet, is covering the case. After McCaleb alerts the police to Bosch's probable involvement in the murder, Bosch goes to Catalina himself to challenge McCaleb's work and to ask him to re-examine the evidence. Based on a parking ticket that McCaleb finds, he concludes that Bosch may have been set up by Storey in order to discredit his evidence in the court case, but the key evidence in proving that is a post office surveillance tape that was in the process of being erased, and from which nothing usable can be recovered. Nevertheless, Bosch and McCaleb pretend that they have recovered something from the tape. This prompts Rudy Tafero, Gunn's actual killer and an ex-cop who handled security for Storey, to target and almost kills McCaleb. Bosch saves McCaleb and captures Rudy, while in the process killing Rudy's younger brother Jesse. In return for not being charged with felony-murder in his brother's death, Rudy turns over evidence implicating Storey in the frame of Bosch, and Storey agrees to plead guilty to murder in a plea bargain seen by only McEvoy (who got a tip from Bosch) among the reporters. However, McCaleb realizes that Bosch was around to save him only because Bosch knew all the details of the potential frame, which Bosch had lied about to McCaleb, and McCaleb breaks off any renewed relationship with Bosch as a result. Bosch then "baptizes" himself in a plan for a fresh start. ==TV adaptation== The events of A Darkness More Than Night were adapted for the third season of Bosch. McCaleb's role as the unofficial investigator of Gunn's murder is filled instead by Jerry Edgar, who is piggy-backing on the official investigation being carried out by LAPD Detectives Jimmy Robertson and Rondell Pierce. Less significantly, David Storey's name is changed to Andrew Holland, while prosecutor Janis Langweiser becomes Deputy District Attorney Anita Benitez, whom Bosch is dating. The resolution to the story is changed, as Rudy Tafero flips on Holland after the police arrest Jesse due to Bosch leaking footage from an illegal spy-camera of his showing Jesse breaking into Gunn's apartment, and agrees to wear a wire to get Holland to incriminate himself. Edgar realizes the truth about Bosch having witnessed Gunn's murder after Bosch mentions during his interrogation of Rudy the specific model of car that the Taferos drove to the scene of the murder before Rudy mentioned it, and it is not visible within the spy-camera's viewing area. ==Awards== The novel was nominated for the 2002 Barry Award for "Best Novel". ==References== Category:Harry Bosch series Category:2000 American novels Category:Novels set in Los Angeles Category:Little, Brown and Company books
12955622	A Day at School	A Day at School is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy. ==Cast== * Oliver Hardy as Plump (credited as Babe Hardy) * Billy Ruge as Runt * Joe Cohen as Father * Ray Godfrey as Daughter * Bert Tracy as Janitor * Anna Mingus as Principal ==See also== * List of American films of 1916 * Oliver Hardy filmography ==External links== * Category:1916 films Category:1916 comedy films Category:1916 short films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American comedy short films Category:1910s American films
13060654	A Lion Among Men	A Lion Among Men is a fantasy novel by American writer Gregory Maguire, the third book in his The Wicked Years series. It was released in the UK on October 2, 2008, October 8 in the US, and on October 14, 2008 in the rest of Europe. Prior to the publication of A Lion Among Men, Maguire stated that "this book will be about the differing moralities... among soldiers, for one, and diplomats, for another... about decisions to wage war" and "One of the main characters is the Cowardly Lion".Interview, Akron Beacon Journal, October 2006. Maguire also stated that the novel's story "starts off about eight years after the end of Son of a Witch".Interview, March 2008. Maguire's website describes the novels as "seen now through the eyes of the Cowardly Lion—the once tiny cub defended by Elphaba in Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West." ==Synopsis== The story opens with an impending battle between the Munchkinlanders and the Emerald City (EC) troops. In the middle of the warzone is the Mauntery which has been a haven for Elphaba, Yackle, Liir, and Candle. Yackle still lives despite losing her eyesight, and longs for death. At her request, the Maunts bury her in their crypt alive with only a few candles and some wine. She is eventually forgotten, but not by all. Elsewhere, a young woman wanders the Land of Oz until her path crosses "the dwarf", whom she calls Mr. Boss, the caretaker of the Clock of the Time Dragon. The Clock has awakened... Back at the Mauntery, Brrr, the Cowardly Lion, and his pet, a Glass Cat that he has nicknamed Shadowpuppet, arrive looking for Yackle. The Maunts claim she is deceased but Yackle rises from the crypt, still alive. Yackle and Brrr begin a game of wits – Brrr demands information on Madame Morrible and in exchange he will tell Yackle about himself. Brrr does not remember his parents or where he is from. He grew up by himself in the Great Gillikin Forest, learning language from the hunters that travel through his forest. One day he meets a soldier, Jemmsy, who's caught in his own hunting trap that was supposed to catch Animals. He implores Brrr to go to Tenniken and get help. Instead, out of fear and the naive belief that since this is the first person he has conversed with, then Jemmsy's a friend and cannot be abandoned, Brrr stays with Jemmsy until he dies, claiming the books that lie beside him and taking Jemmsy's medal for courage to give to Jemmsy's relatives. Thus begins the Lion's unhappy personage as a coward. After Jemmsy dies, Brrr goes out to find Tenniken. Not long after he sets out, Brrr finds a terrified Bear Cub. The Bear soon reveals that his name is Cubbins, and takes Brrr to his family. They're the Northern Bears under rule by Queen Ursaless. She tells Brrr that to get to Tenniken, he must travel through the Cloud Swamp, a wet land inhabited by the Ozmists (ghost-like beings). Brrr and Cubbins have an "all but fatal" interview with the Ozmists. Brrr soon leaves Cubbins with the pile of books as he leaves the Great Gillikin Forest for the first time. When Brrr first ventures out of the forest, he finds out he is not in Tenniken at all, but Traum, a market town east of Tenniken. Brrr soon finds himself involved in a massacre of Glikkun trolls. Not knowing what to do, Brrr tells some trolls to play dead, as he thinks that it is the only way to bypass the slaughter, but they take his advice too late and become captured. The people of Traum celebrate the Lion for refusing to help their enemies, the Glikkuns, and Brrr safely gets out of Traum by train. While on the train, however, Brrr decides that his refusal to help the Glikkuns is really a badge of shame, and knowing that in Tenniken his reputation will precede him, he ultimately cannot bring himself to go there, instead arriving in the University town of Shiz. Brrr sets himself up in an apartment, and spends time in and around Shiz. The Lion soon finds a poem dedicated to humiliating him. Feeling embarrassed, Brrr packs up and leaves into the wilderness. Brrr wanders around the woods aimlessly for a while, until he finds a pride of Lions trying to make it in the forest. Brrr lives with the Lions for several years. But some of the Lions mock him, prompting him to leave again. The next group that Brrr encounters is the Ghullim, a streak of Ivory Tigers in Wend Fallows. He'd happily pass right through their tribe without stopping, but they force him to stay with them for a while, if only to assess his status as a threat. While there, he befriends and ultimately falls in love with Muhlama H'aekeem, princess and heir to the Chieftaincy of the Ghullim. But when they're discovered mating by Ivory Tiger scouts, her father Chief Uyodor H'aekeem announces that he suspects him of attempting to thwart his regime due to Muhlama being seriously wounded from the lovemaking, once again prompting him to leave, before they have his head on a trophy background. Within the following weeks, Brrr meets a strange group of travelers. One a little girl named Dorothy, one a Scarecrow and the other was Nick Chopper, the Tin Woodman. Brrr decides to go with them to meet the Wizard of Oz. They soon find themselves on a quest to kill Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West. But Dorothy wants to reason with her instead. Once at Kiamo Ko, where Elphaba lives, she locks the Lion in a room with Liir while she and Dorothy have at it. They soon break out in time for Elphaba to be vanquished. The five go back to the Wizard and get their rewards. All but Brrr got what they wanted (Brrr getting a terribly manufactured Badge of Courage, even more so than Jemmsy's. Liir gets nothing for he was left outside.) Brrr promises Dorothy that he will protect and look after Liir, but Liir vanishes in the streets and crowds of the Emerald City. Brrr then goes off on his own path, like before. The Lion has hit the outback again. With the other members of Dorothy's party laughing it up and having their own affairs, Brrr soon meets two old bachelors; Mister Mikko, an Ape, and Professor Lenx, a Boar of some kind. The three Animals discuss current events and past events. They soon rile Brrr up to retrieve money from the banks of Oz for them. The Lion soon becomes a broker for Animals, retrieving their money that is held in the banks since before they were forced to leave Oz. The forces of Oz soon discover that Brrr is bringing money into the Free State of Munchkinland and try him for being a Collaborationist. He strikes a plea and is assigned to go find the whereabouts of the Grimmerie, which leads him to his interview with Yackle. This recaps the first part of the book. ==Characters== ==References== Category:2008 American novels Category:2008 fantasy novels Category:Novels by Gregory Maguire Category:Books based on The Wizard of Oz Category:Sequel novels Category:The Wicked Years Category:Novels based on fairy tales Category:Novels about lions
13125015	A Fistful of Fingers	A Fistful of Fingers is a 1995 British Western comedy film about a cowboy who follows a wanted man who caused the death of his horse Easy. It was written and directed by Edgar Wright in his feature-length directorial debut. ==Cast== *Graham Low as No-Name *Oli van der Vijver as The Squint *Nicola Stapleton as Floozy *Martin Curtis as Running Sore *Jeremy Beadle as himself *Neil Mullarkey as Stand Up Comedian *Dan Palmer as "Pile-On" Kid *Mark Sheffield as Calamity Keith *James Lance as Grindolini *Edgar Wright as Cheesy Voiceover Artist/Two Bit Farmer Cameo *Quentin Green as Jimmy James *Toby Kendrick as Outlaw ==Release== It opened at the Prince Charles Cinema on 24 November 1995, and debuted in the United States 20 years later at the Cinefamily in Los Angeles as a midnight movie. The film was never commercially available on home video in either country, although Wright said in 2015 that he hoped to "finally release it [...] with a commentary and everything". ===Reception=== Derek Elley of Variety said the film showed, "more wit and invention than most of its no-budget Brit saddlemates." Time Out said, "Wright may not be in the class of Robert Rodriguez, but he has talent", and said the film was, "Best seen after a couple of beers." Nick Allen of RogerEbert.com called it, "...delightfully dorky, irreverent and scrappy, the exact kind of project a young filmmaker would make if they just wanted to make fellow nerds laugh and were pretty good at doing so." Ethan Anderton of SlashFilm said, "What makes [the film] so delightful is that it's a spaghetti western send-up that respects the genre as much as it makes fun of it." Stark of Pornokitsch said, "As a Western, it's good fun, and as a debut, it's a hell of an effort." Ramsey Ess of Vulture said, "While [the film is] missing many of the trademark editorial flourishes and camera tricks that would be adopted by the time Shaun of the Dead came around, it's still a well-constructed, quickly paced piece of work." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1995 films Category:British parody films Category:Films directed by Edgar Wright Category:Films with screenplays by Edgar Wright Category:1990s parody films Category:British Western (genre) comedy films Category:1990s Western (genre) comedy films Category:Western (genre) film remakes Category:1995 directorial debut films Category:1995 comedy films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s British films
13130016	A Fistful Of...4-Skins	A Fistful of...4-Skins is the second studio album by English punk rock/Oi! band, The 4-Skins, released in 1983 by Syndicate Records. In comparison to The 4-Skins' previous material, "A Fistful Of...4-Skins" featured a slower, heavier, more melodic, hard rock-based sound. Less successful than its predecessor, the album charted outside the Top 30 on the UK independent chart. The band members claimed that this was due to chart manipulation. The album was later combined with debut LP, The Good, The Bad & The 4-Skins (omitting the track "One Law for Them" from that album due to space limitations) and released on a single CD by Link Records in 1987 as A Few 4-Skins More, Vol.1. Following the breakup of the line-up that recorded the band's previous album, The Good, The Bad & The 4-Skins, Hoxton Tom McCourt had assembled a new line- up (the fourth overall) including former The Last Resort singer Roi Pearce, and future Skrewdriver guitarist, Paul Swain. ==Track listing== Source: Amazon ==Personnel== *Roi Pearce – lead vocals *Hoxton Tom McCourt – bass guitar, lead vocal on "New War" *Ian Bransom – drums *Paul Swain – guitar *Keith Bollock Brother – backing vocals *Neil Barker – backing vocals ==References== Category:1983 albums Category:The 4-Skins albums
13242057	A Child's Cry for Help	A Child's Cry for Help is a 1994 American made-for-television drama film starring Pam Dawber and Veronica Hamel, with a supporting role by a young Tobey Maguire. ==Plot== A recent transplant from California, Dr. Paula Spencer has just lost her husband and is about to begin her new job at a local hospital. While she is there, a seemingly loving mother, Monica Shaw, brings her son, Eric, in for treatment for his illness. But Dr. Spencer suspects that there is something wrong, and theorizes that Monica is deliberately and abusively making her son sick all the time so that she could have him admitted to the hospital for all of the attention that it gives her. However, hospital administrators are skeptical, and when Eric's young roommate also develops a similar illness, it only serves to make them even more dismissive. Adding to Dr. Spencer's stress is her troubled relationship with rebellious teenage daughter, Amanda, who is still grieving over the loss of her father and trying to fit in at a new school. To top it off, the two are later victims of a robbery by the woman Dr. Spencer hired as a housekeeper, whose take included some irreplaceable jewelry Amanda had received as gifts from her late father. When Dr. Spencer decides to ban Monica from being around her ill son and get child services to help him, Monica gets back by trying to get her and the hospital sued. Some of the other employees at the hospital board disagree with Dr. Spencer's diagnosis of Munchausen Syndrome by Proxy by thinking she is overreacting. Even when Monica is kept away from Eric, he is getting worse and no better. With what seems like the whole hospital against her, Dr. Spencer takes on the help of a lawyer and the case goes to court. The court case determines whether social services will take care of the son or whether Monica can keep the child. However, Dr. Spencer believes that losing the court case will mean Eric's death. At first, things seem to be going in Monica's favor. However, an unexpected break occurs when a young patient tells Amanda (who works as a candy striper at the hospital) that she saw Monica in Eric's room the night before, thus violating the restraining order against her. The next day in court, the prosecution drops a bombshell with the revelation that between 1989 and 1994, while he and his mother lived in Seattle, Eric had been admitted to various hospitals with unexplained abdominal cramps a total of twenty-six times, which was eventually diagnosed as laxative abuse. Furthermore, it is revealed that back in 1982, Monica had a child out of wedlock, who also died of laxative abuse when he was only 18 months old. The revelation of this fact prompts Monica to have a breakdown on the witness stand and results in her losing custody of Eric, who is placed in the care of his grandmother. Despite her misgivings, satisfied that she had saved Eric's life, Dr. Spencer now realizes she also needs to improve her relationship with Amanda, telling her she loves her and promising to change. ==External links== * * Category:1994 television films Category:1994 drama films Category:1994 films Category:NBC network original films Category:Films directed by Sandor Stern Category:American drama television films Category:1990s American films Category:1990s English-language films Category:English-language drama films
13300293	A Breath of October	A Breath of October is a studio album by the band Cobweb Strange. ==Track listing== Source: Allmusic ==References== Category:2002 albums Category:Cobweb Strange albums
13375343	A Feud in the Kentucky Hills	A Feud in the Kentucky Hills is a 1912 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. The film, by the Biograph Company, was shot on the Hudson Palisades near Fort Lee, New Jersey when many early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based there at the beginning of the 20th century. Additional filming took place in and around the Pike County town of Milford, Pennsylvania. ==Cast== * Mary Pickford as The Daughter * Charles Hill Mailes as The Father * Kate Bruce as The Mother * Walter Miller as A Brother * Robert Harron as A Brother * Jack Pickford as A Brother * Henry B. Walthall as Psalm Singer * Elmer Booth as Second Clan Member * William J. Butler as First Clan Member * Harry Carey as Second Clan Member * Frank Evans as Second Clan Member * Harry Hyde as First Clan Member * J. Jiquel Lanoe as Second Clan Member * Adolph Lestina as Second Clan Member * Frank Opperman as Second Clan Member * W. C. Robinson as Second Clan Member ==See also== * List of American films of 1912 * Harry Carey filmography * D. W. Griffith filmography ==References== ==External links== * Category:1912 films Category:1912 short films Category:1912 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by D. W. Griffith Category:Films shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey Category:1910s American films
13387430	A Cry for Help (1912 film)	A Cry for Help is a 1912 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith. ==Cast== * Lionel Barrymore as The Bum * Walter Miller as The Doctor * Lillian Gish as The Maid * Harry Carey as The Thief * Kate Bruce as Undetermined Role * W. Christy Cabanne as Witness to Accident * John T. Dillon as Policeman/Witness to Accident * Dorothy Gish as Witness to Accident * Robert Harron as Witness to Accident * Claire McDowell as Charity Patient * Alfred Paget as Policeman ==See also== * List of American films of 1912 * Harry Carey filmography * D. W. Griffith filmography * Lillian Gish filmography * Lionel Barrymore filmography ==References== ==External links== * Category:1912 films Category:1912 drama films Category:1912 short films Category:Films directed by D. W. Griffith Category:American silent short films Category:American black- and-white films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1910s American films
13391420	A Chance Deception	A Chance Deception is a 1913 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet. ==Cast== * Blanche Sweet as The Wife * Charles Hill Mailes as The Jealous Husband * Harry Carey as Raffles * Mildred Manning as Raffles' Woman * John T. Dillon as The Waiter * Lionel Barrymore as A Policeman * Dorothy Bernard as The Maid (unconfirmed) * Christy Cabanne as Undetermined Role * Adolph Lestina as A Visitor * Wilfred Lucas as In Restaurant (unconfirmed) * Joseph McDermott as A Policeman ==See also== * List of American films of 1913 * Harry Carey filmography * D. W. Griffith filmography * Blanche Sweet filmography * Lionel Barrymore filmography ==References== ==External links== * Category:1913 films Category:Films directed by D. W. Griffith Category:American silent short films Category:Biograph Company films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1913 drama films Category:1913 short films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1910s American films
13401464	A Gamble with Death	A Gamble with Death is a 1913 American drama film featuring Harry Carey. ==Cast== * Walter Miller as Reed * Claire McDowell as Kate * Charles West as The Gambler (as Charles H. West) * Lionel Barrymore as Jim Benton, the Bartender * Harry Carey as The Cowpuncher ==See also== * Harry Carey filmography * Lionel Barrymore filmography ==External links== * Category:1913 films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1913 short films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1913 drama films Category:Films directed by Anthony O'Sullivan Category:1910s American films
13402887	A Handful of Time	A Handful of Time (En håndfull tid) is a 1989 Norwegian film directed by Martin Asphaug. Starring Espen Skjønberg, Camilla Strøm-Henriksen, Nicolay Lange-Nielsen and Bjørn Sundquist, the film also features Susannah York and Nigel Hawthorne. The film was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ==Plot== The elderly Martin believes he hears the voice of Anna, the love of his youth, who died during childbirth fifty years before. Guided by her voice, Martin escapes from his nursery home and begins a journey that echoes a chain of fatal events from his past, which increasingly merge with the present. ==Awards== * Winner of the "Best Film" award at the Amanda awards in 1990. * Camilla Strøm-Henriksen, winner of the "Best Actress" award at the Amanda awards in 1990. *The Norwegian entry to the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1990. * 1990 Rouen Festival du cinéma Nordique, Prix A.C.O.R. * 1990 Rouen Festival du cinéma Nordique, Prix de la presse ==See also== * List of submissions to the 62nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film * List of Norwegian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ==References== * En håndfull tid dossier Norwegian Film Institute ;Footnotes ==External links== * Category:1990 films Category:Norwegian drama films Category:Norwegian-language films
13434748	A Day's Adventure	A Day's Adventure is a 1915 American drama film featuring Harry Carey. ==Cast== * Harry Carey * Barney Furey (as J. Barney Furey) * Claire McDowell * Charles West (as Charles H. West) ==See also== * List of American films of 1915 * Harry Carey filmography ==External links== * Category:1915 films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1915 drama films Category:1915 short films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1910s American films
13478522	A Knight of the Range	A Knight of the Range is a 1916 American Western film, featuring Harry Carey.A Knight of the Range at silentera.com database ==Cast== * Harry Carey as Cheyenne Harry * Olive Carey as Bess Dawson * Hoot Gibson as Bob Graham * William Canfield as Gentleman Dick * Bud Osborne as Sheriff * A. D. Blake as Nick * William Steele as Burk (as Bill Gettinger) * Peggy Coudray as Dolores ==See also== * Harry Carey filmography * Hoot Gibson filmography ==References== ==External links== * Category:1916 films Category:1916 Western (genre) films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Jacques Jaccard Category:Universal Pictures films Category:Silent American Western (genre) films Category:1910s American films Category:1910s English- language films
13507293	A Family (painting)	A Family is a 1951 oil on canvas painting by Irish artist Louis le Brocquy. It depicts a woman half-lying on a table and gazing out at the viewer accompanied by a cat in the foreground, a man sitting hunched over in the background, and a child holding a bouquet of flowers on one side, gazing at the woman. The painting's stark grey colour palette and its portrayal of dejection within the family unit attracted strong criticism from some contemporaries in post-war Ireland, while others praised the artist's willingness to address the problems of the time in the work. It is currently on display in The National Gallery of Ireland. Depicting a stark human condition in the aftermath of World War II, Síghle Bhreathnach-Lynch, Curator of Irish Art at the National Gallery of Ireland notes: 'The mother, lying on a table, leaning on one arm, stares out with quiet dignity while a menacing looking cat peers out from beneath the draw sheet. In the background the father sits, head bowed, in a pose suggesting total dejection. He appears to be oblivious to the small child holding a bunch of flowers; a symbol of hope. The three sombrely-painted figures inhabit a grey concrete bunker, lit by a bare bulb. The theme of this disturbingly bleak work is the nature of individual isolation and the breakdown of societal norms.' ==Background and influences== A Family belongs to the artist's Grey Period (1951–55). Widely acknowledged as the artist's masterpiece from this period, the painting marks a shift in palette from the comparatively colourful work of the late forties to predominant whites and greys. The art critic John Berger writes in Art News and Review: 'His style has developed and changed; his colours are pale and severe - the Family is mostly grey; his forms, in their movement both across and into the picture, are precise. This finesse implies - because le Brocquy's motive is always human - a tenderness which is not sentimental, and a sense of wonder which is exact; one thinks twice about the quite ordinary but in fact miraculous construction of any man's back, having looked at the father in the Family.'John Berger, 'Distinguished Humility', Art News and Review (London. June 16, 1951). left|thumb|La Venus del espejo, Diego Velázquez, c.1647–1651, Oil on canvas, 122 × 177 cm, National Gallery, London right|thumb|Édouard Manet, Olympia, oil on canvas, 1863, Musée d'Orsay, Paris According to the art critic John Russell: 'In the early 1950s, above all, he came before us as a man who was looking for the image that would compound all other images. Anyone who was around at the time and concerned with what was called "post-war British art" will remember the painting called "A Family".'John Russell, 'Introduction', Dorothy Walker, Louis le Brocquy (Dublin: Ward River Press 1981; London: Hodder & Stoughton 1982), p. 9. Louis le Brocquy explains: 'I have always been fascinated by the horizontal monumentality of traditional Odalisque painting, the reclining woman depicted voluptuously by one Master after another throughout the history of European art - Titians' Venus of Urbino, Velázquez' Rokeby Venus turning her back on the Spanish Court, Goya's Maja clothed and unclothed, Ingres' Reclining Odalisque in her seraglio and finally the great Olympia of Édouard Manet celebrating his favourite model, Victorine Meurent. My own painting A Family was conceived in 1950 in very different circumstances in face of the atomic threat, social upheaval and refugees of World War II and its aftermath. The elements in its composition correspond in some ways to those of Olympia, if not to Manet's cool sensuality. The female figure in A Family may be seen to take on a very different significance. The man, replacing Manet's black servant with bouquet, sits alone. The bouquet is reduced to a mere wisp held by a child. The Olympian black cat in turn becomes white, ominously emerging from the sheets. This is how A Family appears to me today. Fifty years ago it was painted while contemplating a human condition stripped back to Palaeolithic circumstance under electric light bulbs.'Louis le Brocquy, A Family, Address on the occasion of the installation of the painting in the collection of the National Gallery of Ireland (Dublin, May 27, 2002). ==History== The painting was first exhibited in London at Gimpel Fils in June 1951, where it received considerable praise. In 1952, a group of art patrons offered to present the painting to the Hugh Lane Gallery, but the gift was rejected by the Art Advisory Committee on the grounds of "incompetence." The rejection prompted public disputes among artists and art critics which reflected divided opinions on the merits of modern art. Over time, attitudes towards the painting grew more positive. In June 1956 Louis le Brocquy represented Ireland at the Venice Biennale and A Family was awarded the Nestlé-endowed Premio Aquisitato. At the 1958 World Fair in Brussels, it was recognized for its historical impact in the exhibition Cinquante Ans d'Art Moderne ("Fifty Years of Modern Art"). In 2002, A Family entered the permanent collection of the National Gallery of Ireland as a gift of Lochlann and Brenda Quinn. It was the first painting to ever enter the Gallery's permanent collection while its artist was still living. The curator of the gallery, Síghle Bhreathnach-Lynch, commented that "A Family is rightly recognized as a seminal painting in the history of 20th- century Irish art. It is not only an important transitional work in the artist's oeuvre but one anticipating modernism as an everyday style in Irish art." ==Critical reception== During its 1951 first exhibition at Gimpel Fils, the painting attracted considerable praise. John Berger observed in Art News and Review: 'Le Brocquy is completely free of contemporary tendency to cosmic megalomania. It has become pretentious to talk of an artist's humility, yet that is what distinguishes his work; his studies testify to his patience, and his final, large picture to his refusal to evade simple but difficult problems by relying on the grandiose cliché ... The right-hand half of the very large Family group is, by itself, the finest bit of contemporary painting I have seen for a long time, and I am now convinced that le Brocquy is one of the really promising (in this case that infuriating word is not an excuse but an achievement) British [sic] painters of his generation.'Eric Newton singled out le Brocquy as "a lyrical artist with an exceptional evocative gift". Following its rejection from the Hugh Lane Gallery, the painting fuelled widespread public hostility towards modern art in the press, while a small group of artists led ineffectual protests in support of contemporary art. Critics viewed the painting as an 'unwholesome and satanic distortion of natural beauty';"Verdad", 'The Family' [sic], letter to the editor, The Irish Times (Dublin, March 6, 1952). the aversion was summed up in an opinion published by the Dublin Evening Mail: 'There is a place for monstrosities in the College of Surgeons - there are plenty there - and it would give me much pleasure to find a place for things like "The Family" [sic] ... It is not given to man to see into the future, but I am quite certain that in another 100 years the works of Turner, Constable, and a galaxy of true artists, whose work is still with us, will be cherished and admired, while things like The Family [sic] will have returned to the oblivion from which they never should have emerged.Tomtom, 'Paintings of "The Moderns", letter to the editor, Dublin Evening Mail (March 20, 1952). As notes Dr. Síghle Bhreathnach-Lynch, ‘The artist's image of stark reality in the shape of the terrifying uncertainty of the post-war era and the resultant isolation of the family unit shocked rather than comforted. One letter writer to The Irish Times stated unequivocally that the picture in question is as remote from beauty as the utmost stretch of mortal imagination can conceive. The figures are bestial, horribly misshapen with heads and faces of idiots. If ordinary people met such figures in the streets they would flee from them in terror. The critic Tony Gray saw no tenderness in the forms portrayed. Rather he felt that they were "depressing and frightening" and the sombre palette merely "enhanced the despair of his theme." The Evening Herald headlined its review "What is it all about" and castigated the le Brocquy exhibition for representing what it called "the left in art" (an oblique reference to modernism). The artist was accused of having gone the way of everything sensational, shallow and ephemeral. The 'Man About Town' column in the Evening Mail believed that the whole composition was "bewildering and repulsive" (the length of the woman's neck seemed to be especially abhorrent!). A rhetorical question implying a negative reply was posed, "What is the aesthetic value of these distortions"? An editorial in the same newspaper broadened the enquiry to a consideration of the genuine value of modern art in general. John Ryan, however, wrote in the Dublin Evening Mail: 'Louis le Brocquy discovered his peculiarly individual mode of expression early in his career and courageously employed it even when doing so meant that he had to discard a style which promised a fashionable and lucrative future as a portrait painter in the traditional manner. That pedestrian opinion has not forgiven him for this revolt against its standards was amply proved by the deplorable attack on the painter in the Evening Herald recently. Le Brocquy's stand and his subsequent development as an artist, however, won him the admiration and respect of intelligent opinion wherever his work has been shown. In Great Britain he is accepted as one of the handful of really brilliant painters of this generation, while America in so far as she has had the opportunity to judge has reacted similarly. Despite the strictures of the Evening Herald it is satisfactory to note that the exhibition itself has been an outstanding success in every respect.'John Ryan, 'The Louis le Brocquy Exhibition', Our Nation (Dublin, January 1952). ==References== ==External links== * www.lebrocquy.com Category:1951 paintings Category:Irish paintings Category:Modern paintings Category:Collection of the National Gallery of Ireland
13512246	A Horse Fly Fleas	A Horse Fly Fleas is a 1947 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon short. It was written by Warren Foster and directed by Robert McKimson. The short was released on December 13, 1947. The short stars A. Flea, the nearly-microscopic protagonist of An Itch in Time from 1943. It is rarely aired today due to stereotypical portrayals of Native Americans. Originally released in Cinecolor, the cartoon was reissued in three-strip Technicolor during the 1955–56 season. ==Plot== ==Home media== This cartoon was released on DVD and Blu-ray with the original titles and Cinecolor version restored on the Looney Tunes Platinum Collection: Volume 2. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1947 animated films Category:1947 short films Category:1947 films Category:1940s Warner Bros. animated short films Category:Looney Tunes shorts Category:Films directed by Robert McKimson Category:Animated films about insects Category:Films scored by Carl Stalling Category:Film controversies Category:Native American-related controversies Category:Race-related controversies in animation Category:Race-related controversies in film Category:Cinecolor films Category:Films produced by Edward Selzer
13558949	A Better Place to Be	"A Better Place to Be" is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1972 album, Sniper and Other Love Songs. The song is about a midnight watchman confiding in a waitress, while drinking gin, about a woman that he met a week before and had a one-night stand with. Released as a single, the song reached No. 18 on the Billboard Bubbling Under chart. A live version, from the 1976 album Greatest Stories Live, reached No. 86 on the Hot 100 chart. Record World called it a "distinctive Chapin narrative, this time a downbeat tale about two lonely people." According to Chapin, it was his favorite song that he wrote. ==Story== The song begins with "a little man" sitting at a bar, looking glum. The waitress, who is described as a "big ol' friendly girl", notices this in him and asks him what his problem is. The little man ignores the waitress at first, but after "a couple of sips" of gin, he begins to tell her his story. The song then takes the little man's point of view as he states that he is a midnight watchman at a place called Miller's Tool & Die. One week earlier, he goes to a diner and sees a beautiful girl. Though worried that she's too good for him, the little man still attempts to "give her one good try." Stammering, he makes a fool of himself, but the girl takes his offer, saying in the song's refrain: : If you want me to come with you : then that's all right with me : Because I've been goin' nowhere : And anywhere's a better place to be The little man takes her home and attempts to turn on the lights as he enters his room, but the girl tells him to leave the lights off because she "doesn't mind the dark". The little man cannot believe his good luck, and tries again to speak to the girl, who says only: : If you want to come here with me : then that's all right with me : because I've been oh so lonely : Loving someone is a better way to be. The next day, the little man watches her sleep and leaves early so he can return and surprise her with breakfast. When he returns, he finds she has gone, leaving behind a "six word letter, saying 'It's time that I moved on.'" After the little man's story, the tearful waitress tells him she wishes that she too were beautiful so she could go home with the little man. He responds to the waitress a "crooked grin", finishes his drink, and acknowledges their shared loneliness by repeating the song's first refrain. He says if she wants him to go home with her "that's alright with [him]" implying he will go home with her. Although Harry often wrote songs about his own life experiences, it is not known if the "early morning bar room" or factory in Watertown actually existed or does today. ==Chart performance== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1972–73) Peak position U.S. Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles 118 Canadian Adult Contemporary 51 ==Live Version== The song was released as a single on the live album, Greatest Stories Live. While introducing the song, Chapin states he came up with the song while visiting Watertown, New York, claiming he "spent a week there one afternoon". The live version was, until 2015 (when David Bowie's Blackstar took the title), the longest song to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. ==Chart performance== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1976) Peak position U.S. Billboard Hot 100 86 CanadaRPM Top Singles 80 ===Year-end Charts=== Chart (1976) Peak position U.S. Billboard Hot 100 456 == External links== * A Better Place to Be Lyrics ==References== Category:1972 songs Category:Harry Chapin songs Category:Songs written by Harry Chapin
1356924	A Child's Garden of Verses	thumb|Title Page of a 1916 US edition A Child's Garden of Verses is an 1885 volume of 64 poems for children by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson. It has been reprinted many times, often in illustrated versions, and is considered to be one of the most influential children's works of the 19th century. The poems, which have been widely imitated, are written from the point of view of a child. Stevenson dedicated the collection to his childhood nurse, Alison Cunningham. ==Contents== thumb|One of the poems, "Happy Thought", as used in A Little Book for A Little Cook, 1905 ===A Child's Garden of Verses=== * "Bed in Summer" * "A Thought" * "At the Sea-side" * "Young Night Thought" * "Whole Duty of Children" * "Rain" * "Pirate Story" * "Foreign Lands" * "Windy Nights" * "Travelling" * "Singing" * "Looking Forward" * "A Good Play" * "Where Go the Boats?" * "Auntie's Skirts" * "The Land of Counterpane" * "The Land of Nod" * "My Shadow" * "System" * "A Good Boy" * "Escape at Bedtime" * "Marching Song" * "The Cow" * "Happy Thought" * "The Wind" * "Keepsake Mill" * "Good and Bad Children" * "Foreign Children" * "The Sun's Travels" * "The Lamplighter" * "My Bed is a Boat" * "The Moon" * "The Swing" * "Time to Rise" * "Looking-glass River" * "Fairy Bread" * "From a Railway Carriage" * "Winter-time" * "The Hayloft" * "Farewell to the Farm" * "Northwest Passage: Good Night, Shadow March, In Port" ===The Child Alone=== * "The Unseen Playmate" * "My Ship and I" * "My Kingdom" * "Picture-books in Winter" * "My Treasures" * "Block City" * "The Land of Story-books" * "Armies in the Fire" * "The Little Land" ===Garden Days=== * "Night and Day" * "Nest Eggs" * "The Flowers" * "Summer Sun" * "The Dumb Soldier" * "Autumn Fires" * "The Gardener" * "Historical Associations" ===Envoys=== * "To Willie and Henrietta" * "To My Mother" * "To Auntie" * "To Minnie" * "To My Name-child" * "To Any Reader" ==Publication== Inspired by a children's book of 1880, the collection was originally to be called Penny Whistles, but was ultimately published by Longmans, Green, & Co in 1885 as A Child's Garden of Verses. ==Adaptations== * In 1922, the classical scholar Terrot Reaveley Glover published a translation of the poems into Latin under the title Carmina non prius audita de ludis et hortis virginibus puerisque. *Disneyland Records released an LP record of the poems set to music. This was the first title for the newly created Disney record label. Gwyn Conger wrote the music which was performed by Francis Archer and Beverly Gile. * The Italian composer Carlo Deri composed, in 2005, a song for voice and piano, The Unseen Playmate, on Stevenson's poem. This song is also included in Deri's one-act opera Markheim (2008). * The Lithuanian composer Giedrius Alkauskas (born 1978) arranged five poems—"The Wind" (two alternative arrangements), "Rain", "Singing", "Marching Song", and "At the Sea-side"—as a six-song cycle, A Child's Garden of Songs, for mezzo-soprano, piano, and trumpet in B, which was released in 2014. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:Poetry by Robert Louis Stevenson Category:English poetry collections Category:1885 children's books Category:1885 poetry books Category:British children's books Category:Children's poetry books
13605428	A Little Journey	A Little Journey is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and featuring Claire Windsor, William Haines and Harry Carey. It is based on a play by Rachel Crothers. No prints are thought to survive of this film. It is therefore considered lost.Listing of incomplete MGM films at NitratevilleA Little Journey at silentera.comA Little Journey at Arne Andersen's Lost Film Files: Metro Goldwyn Mayer Films - 1927 ==Plot== A girl travelling by train to meet her boyfriend meets another young man and falls in love with him. ==Cast== * Claire Windsor as Julia Rutherford * William Haines as George Manning * Harry Carey as Alexander Smith * Claire McDowell as Aunt Louise * Lawford Davidson as Alfred Demis ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1927 films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American silent feature films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1927 comedy films Category:1927 lost films Category:Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films Category:Lost American films Category:Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard Category:1920s American films
13633480	A Dream of John Ball	A Dream of John Ball (1888) is a novel by English author William Morris about the Great Revolt of 1381, conventionally called "the Peasants' Revolt". It features the rebel priest John Ball, who was accused of being a Lollard. He is famed for his question "When Adam delved and Eve span, who was then the gentleman?"Froissart, although unsympathetic to the rebels, gives a detailed, albeit imaginary (see Dobson, R.B. The Peasants' Revolt of 1381, (Macmillan, 2nd ed, p. 369)), account of Ball's preaching. * Et, se venons tout d'un père et d'une mere, Adam et Eve, en quoi poent il dire ne monstrer que il sont mieux signeur que nous, fors parce que il nous font gaaignier et labourer ce que il despendent? Il sont vestu de velours et de camocas fourés de vair et de gris, et nous sommes vesti de povres draps. Il ont les vins, les espisses et les bons pains, et nous avons le soille, le retrait et le paille, et buvons l'aige. Ils ont le sejour et les biaux manoirs, et nous avons le paine et le travail, et le pleue et le vent as camps, et faut que de nous viengne et de nostre labeur ce dont il tiennent les estas. ** If we all spring from a single father and mother, Adam and Eve, how can they claim or prove that they are lords more than us, except by making us produce and grow the wealth which they spend? They are clad in velvet and camlet lined with squirrel and ermine, while we go dressed in coarse cloth. They have the wines, the spices and the good bread: we have the rye, the husks and the straw, and we drink water. They have shelter and ease in their fine manors, and we have hardship and toil, the wind and the rain in the fields. And from us must come, from our labour, the things which keep them in luxury Book 2, p. 212. Froissart. q:Jean Froissart == Depiction of the Middle Ages == Morris draws on Froissart for information on the fourteenth century, but has a different attitude towards the revolting peasants from the chronicler who, Sir Walter Scott once remarked, had "marvelous little sympathy" for the "villain churls."Claverhouse, in Walter Scott's Old Mortality (1816), ch. 35. Morris was also aware of interpretations of the Peasants' Revolt as representing a socialist tradition. In 1884 he had written an article in which he stated that "we need make no mistake about the cause for which Wat Tyler and his worthier associate John Ball fell; they were fighting against the fleecing then in fashion, viz.; serfdom or villeinage, which was already beginning to wane before the advance of the industrial gilds." The novel describes a dream and time travel encounter between the medieval and modern worlds, thus contrasting the ethics of medieval and contemporary culture. A time-traveller tells Ball of the decline of feudalism and the rise of the Industrial Revolution. Ball realizes that in the nineteenth century his hopes for an egalitarian society have yet to be fulfilled. When Ball asks why his dreams of an egalitarian society have not come to pass, the narrator replies, "Now I tell thee that in the days to come poor men shall be able to become lords and masters and do-nothings; and oft will it be seen that they shall do so; and it shall be even for that cause that their eyes shall be blinded to the robbing of themselves by others, because they shall hope in their souls that they may each live to rob others: and this shall be the very safeguard of all rule and law in those days.” A parallel can be drawn with the novel's close contemporary—A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889) by Mark Twain. Unlike Twain's novel, which depicted early-Medieval England as a violent and chaotic Dark Age, Morris depicts the Middle Ages in a positive light, seeing it as a golden, if brief, period when peasants were prosperous and happy and guilds protected workers from exploitation. This positive portrayal of the Medieval period is a recurring theme in Morris' literary and artistic oeuvre, from the largely pastoral and craftsman based economies of the prose romances, to his similar dream vision of Britain's utopian future, News from Nowhere (1889).Bull, M (2005) Thinking Medieval: An Introduction to the Study of the Middle Ages London:Palgrave ==Publication history== The story was originally published in serial format in the socialist weekly The Commonweal, November 13, 1886 - January 22, 1887. It appeared in book form in 1888. Kelmscott, Morris's private press, published, in 1892, A Dream of John Ball and A King's Lesson.A king's lesson is a short story based on the life of Matthias Corvinus, King of Hungary. ==See also== *A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court (1889) by Mark Twain *Looking Backward (1888), by Edward Bellamy ==Footnotes== ==External links== * A Dream of John Ball, scanned illustrated books from Internet Archive and Project Gutenberg Category:1888 British novels Category:1888 science fiction novels Category:1888 fantasy novels Category:Novels about rebels Category:Novels by William Morris Category:Utopian novels Category:Novels about time travel
13710439	A Bath House Beauty	A Bath House Beauty is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Fatty Arbuckle. ==Cast== * Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle * Gordon Griffith * Ted Edwards * Hank Mann * Eva Nelson ==See also== * List of American films of 1914 * Fatty Arbuckle filmography ==References== ==External links== * Category:1914 films Category:1914 short films Category:Films directed by Roscoe Arbuckle Category:1914 comedy films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American comedy short films Category:1910s American films
13716170	A Gift of Dragons	A Gift Of Dragons is a 2002 collection of short fiction by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey. All four stories are set on the fictional planet Pern; the book is one of two collections in the science fiction series Dragonriders of Pern by Anne and her son Todd McCaffrey.. ==The collection== The stories are not united by any theme, but three of four are set about 2500 years "After Landing", the beginning of human settlement on Pern. That is just before or during the "Ninth Pass" of the "Red Star", an erratic planet that periodically brings a biological menace from space. Those three stories therefore share a Pernese historical period with most of the previous books in the series (11 of 16). The seventeenth Dragonriders of Pern book, A Gift of Dragons was the last one in the series written by Anne McCaffrey alone, before the entry of her son Todd (see Dragon's Kin). It was published first in the US and four months later in the UK with the same cover art, by Del Rey Books and Bantam UK, two imprints of Random House. Three of the four stories were previously published, one as a small book. ===The Smallest Dragonboy=== : Published in Science Fiction Tales (1973), ed. Roger Elwood,"The Smallest Dragonboy". ISFDB. and later in Creatures of the Cosmos (1977), ed. Catherine Crook de Camp, Top Fantasy: The Authors' Choice (1985), ed. Josh Pachter, and the Get Off the Unicorn collection. Also published as a 12 page p/b in 1982 by Dragonhold Limited, Kilquade, Greystones, County Wicklow, Ireland with cover illustration sketch by Linda Albritten as a "special limited convention edition" for Albacon II, the 1983 UK Eastercon (200 copies). "The Smallest Dragonboy" is set during the Ninth Pass. It tells of Keevan, a boy who is a candidate for Ramoth's latest clutch in Benden Weyr. Keevan is shorter than the other candidates, and is teased about this by Beterli, a boy who has stood for eight Impressions and has not been chosen. Keevan works hard but his size downgrades his abilities to most. When he overhears some of the senior dragonriders talking about dropping some of the younger candidates from the Impression, Keevan automatically thinks he will be dropped. The next day, when shoveling coal, Keevan gets in a fight with Beterli, who says he will be dropped. Keevan is badly injured and is assured by Lessa that he will have other Hatchings. When the Hatching occurs, Keevan manages to find his way to the Ground and Impresses a bronze dragon named Heth. ===The Girl Who Heard Dragons=== : Published as a Cheap Street book (1986) and as the cover story of The Girl Who Heard Dragons (1994 collection)"The Girl Who Heard Dragons". ISFDB. "The Girl Who Heard Dragons" is set during the Ninth Pass. It tells of Aramina, a holdless girl who is pursued by Lady Holdless Thella for her ability to hear dragons. She is continually chased, briefly held, and rescued by K'van and Heth after being held hostage. ===Runner of Pern=== : Published in Legends (1998), ed. Robert Silverberg"Runner of Pern". ISFDB. "Runner of Pern" is set shortly before the Ninth Pass. It tells of a runner (messenger) named Tenna, who is new to the craft her family has been in for generations. After being accepted as an apprentice runner, Tenna begins her career, running from one end of Pern's Northern Continent to the other. During her first run to Fort Hold, Tenna is almost to her destination, running on the "trace" (paths marked by moss that are reserved for runners only) when a rider on a fast runner beast runs her off the trace. Tenna falls into a sticklebush, which are covered in sharp spines at this time of the year. The spines of the sticklebush can be dangerous as they can cause infections or enter the bloodstream. She manages to get to a runner station, where she recovers from the fall. After telling the manager about the incident, she gains a name: Haligon, the older of Lord Groghe's two sons. Haligon is known by the other runners at the Fort Hold Station to have used the traces before, nearly causing other accidents. After healing at the station for three days, Tenna goes to the Fort Hold Gather, where she identifies Haligon with some help from her new runner friends and by his stance (arrogant and haughty). After planning on how best to humiliate him, she walks up and punches Haligon, knocking him unconscious and landing him in a pile of dung. While walking back to her friends, speaks with one of the young men in Haligon's group, asking why she had attacked Haligon. Once back with her friends, she learns that she had actually attacked Haligon's twin brother Horon, the nice young man who spoke with her was actually Haligon. Worried that she may get in trouble, Tenna and her friends are met by Lord Groghe, who sincerely apologizes for his son's errors and advises the runners that Haligon will not use their traces any more. Tenna is then met by Haligon himself, who apologizes again for his actions and asks Tenna to be his guest at the gather. She accepts and after spending the entire gather with Haligon, begins to feel strong feelings for the man, which are returned in kind by Haligon. ===Ever the Twain=== : Original to the collection"Ever the Twain". ISFDB. "Ever the Twain" was the only story original to the collection. It tells of twins, Neru and Nian, who are inseparable. The brother Neru dreams of being a dragonrider; the sister Nian is more practical. The two live at a hold on Ista Island. One day, when dragons come to Search, they identify Nian as a good candidate for the queen, but she will not go without Neru. The dragons take them both on Search, along with Nian's friend Orla and another boy called Chaum. At the Weyr, Orla tells Nian that another girl, named Robina, has been promised the queen. The twins work in the infirmary for a day, but on Impression, the queen dragon hatches and Nian Impresses her and learns her name is Quinth. The two of them manage to break the egg Neru is next to, revealing a bronze dragon named Larinth, whom Neru impresses. Later, in the weyrlings' barracks, N'ru tells Nian that he was upset that she was chosen on Search and he was taken along as a mere afterthought. Nian tells him that she never wanted his dream, she wanted him to be happy. They contemplate the fact that Nian and Quinth would probably be transferred to another Weyr. Quinth assures them that they will always be held together by their dragons, and that they would never be alone. ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== Category:2002 short story collections Category:Fantasy short story collections Category:Science fiction short story collections Category:Dragonriders of Pern books Category:Del Rey books
13860301	A Far Country (novel)	A Far Country is a novel by American writer Winston Churchill published in 1915. == Plot introduction== The book follows the career of Hugh Paret from youth to manhood, and how his profession as a corporation lawyer gradually changes his values.Hawthorne, Hildegarde (16 June 1915). WINSTON CHURCHILL'S STORY OF AMERICA; In His Latest Novel, "A Far Country," the Problems That Beset Democracy Are Skillfully Handled and an Optimistic View of the National Future Is Given, The New York Times The title is a reference to the Parable of the Prodigal Son,25 April 1915). NEWS OF BOOKS; Mr. Churchill's Novel -- The War in Prose and Verse, The New York Times where Luke 15:13 (KJV) provides that the son went "into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living." ==Reception== The book received positive reviews,(20 June 1915). Our Nation As Prodigal Son, Chicago Tribune ("Winston Churchill, at 44, has written a better novel than even the most flattering reviewers prophesied from his youthful work.") and was the second best-selling novel in the United States in 1915.Alice Payne Hackett. Seventy Years of Best Sellers 1895-1965, p. 113 (1967) (The Turmoil by Booth Tarkington was number one that year) ==References== ==External links== * * *Full book scan of 1915 Canadian printing via Google Books Category:1915 American novels Category:Novels by Winston Churchill (novelist)
13958799	A Dying Colonialism	A Dying Colonialism () is a 1959 book by the psychiatrist Frantz Fanon, in which the author provides an account of the Algerian War. The book details cultural and political changes that emerge due to the rejection of French colonial oppression by the Algerian. Issues discussed include the role of women in the liberation struggle, changes to family life, the role of the radio and medicine both as tools of oppression and complicity on one hand as well as tools of freedom and liberation, and Algeria's European minority and their role as potential allies in the conflict. ==Publication history== The book was originally published in France by Maspero as L'An V de la Révolution Algérienne (Year Five of the Algerian Revolution). It was translated into English in 1965 and published by Monthly Review under the title Studies In A Dying Colonialism, which was shortened to A Dying Colonialism when appearing as a mass-market paperback by Grove Press in 1967. ==Sources== *Justseeds: Blog: JBbTC 105: Frantz Fanon pt.5 Category:1959 non-fiction books Category:20th-century history books Category:History books about the Algerian War Category:Political books Category:Books by Frantz Fanon
13985505	A Escrava Isaura	A Escrava Isaura may refer to: *A Escrava Isaura (novel), an 1875 novel by Bernardo Guimarães *A Escrava Isaura (1949 film), a Brazilian film of 1949 *Escrava Isaura (1976 TV series), an adaptation of the novel produced by Rede Globo *A Escrava Isaura (2004 TV series), an adaptation of the novel produced by Rede Record
1412472	A Laboratory Manual for Comparative Vertebrate Anatomy	A Laboratory Manual for Comparative Vertebrate Anatomy is a textbook written by Libbie Hyman in 1922 and released as the first edition from the University of Chicago press. It is also called and published simply as Comparative Vertebrate Anatomy. In 1942 Hyman released the second edition as a textbook, as well as a laboratory manual. It was referred to as her 'bread and butter', as she relied on its royalties for income. The Laboratory Manual for Comparative Vertebrate Anatomy still remains the same without revisions, and is used by universities around the world. In the book, she uses Balanoglossus, Amphioxus, sea squirt, lamprey, skate, shark, turtle, alligator, chicken, and cat as specimens. Category:Anatomy books Category:1922 non-fiction books Category:1942 non-fiction books Category:University of Chicago Press books Category:Biology textbooks Category:American non-fiction books Category:1922 in biology
14228099	A Far Country	A Far Country is a play by Henry Denker. The work premiered on Broadway at the Music Box Theatre on April 4, 1961, where it closed on November 25, 1961, after 271 performances. Produced by Roger L. Stevens and Joel Schenker, the production was directed by Alfred Ryder and used sets by Donald Oenslager and costumes by Ann Roth. Lead actress Kim Stanley (Ryder's wife at the time) was nominated for a Tony Award for her portrayal of Elizabeth von Ritter. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Broadway plays Category:1961 plays Category:Works about Sigmund Freud
1428318	A Jolly Good Fellow	A Jolly Good Fellow may refer to: * A Jolly Good Fellow, pseudonym used by Dutch music producer Ferry Corsten * A Jolly Good Fellow (novel), a 2008 novel by American author Stephen V. Masse
143425	A Day in the Life	"A Day in the Life" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released as the final track of their 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. Credited to Lennon–McCartney, the opening and closing sections of the song were mainly written by John Lennon, with Paul McCartney primarily contributing the song's middle section. All four Beatles played a role in shaping the final arrangement of the song. Lennon's lyrics were mainly inspired by contemporary newspaper articles, including a report on the death of Guinness heir Tara Browne. The recording includes two passages of orchestral glissandos that were partly improvised in the avant-garde style. In the song's middle segment, McCartney recalls his younger years, which included riding the bus, smoking, and going to class. Following the second crescendo, the song ends with one of the most famous chords in music history, played on several keyboards, that sustains for over forty seconds. A reputed drug reference in the line "I'd love to turn you on" resulted in the song initially being banned from broadcast by the BBC. Jeff Beck, Barry Gibb, the Fall and Phish are among the artists who have covered the song. The song inspired the creation of the Deep Note, the audio trademark for the THX film company. It remains one of the most celebrated songs in music history, appearing on many lists of the greatest songs of all time, and being commonly appraised as the Beatles' finest song. ==Background== John Lennon wrote the melody and most of the lyrics to the verses of "A Day in the Life" in mid-January 1967. Soon afterwards, he presented the song to Paul McCartney, who contributed a middle- eight section. According to Lennon, McCartney also contributed the pivotal line "I'd love to turn you on." In a 1970 interview, Lennon discussed their collaboration on the song: The song is an example of the mutual inspiration that often occurred within the Lennon-McCartney partnership. As stated by Lennon in 1968, "It was a good piece of work between Paul and me. I had the 'I read the news today' bit, and it turned Paul on, because now and then we really turn each other on with a bit of song, and he just said 'yeah' – bang bang, like that." According to author Ian MacDonald, "A Day in the Life" was strongly informed by Lennon's LSD-inspired revelations, in that the song "concerned 'reality' only to the extent that this had been revealed by LSD to be largely in the eye of the beholder". Having long resisted Lennon and George Harrison's insistence that he join them and Ringo Starr in trying LSD, McCartney took it for the first time in late 1966. This experience contributed to the Beatles' willingness to experiment on Sgt. Pepper and to Lennon and McCartney returning to a level of collaboration that had been somewhat absent. ==Lyrics== ===Tara Browne=== Music critic Tim Riley says that in "A Day in the Life", Lennon uses the same lyrical device introduced in "Strawberry Fields Forever", whereby free-form lyrics allow a greater freedom of expression and create a "supernatural calm". According to Lennon, the inspiration for the first two verses was the death of Tara Browne, the 21-year-old heir to the Guinness fortune who had crashed his car on 18 December 1966. Browne was a friend of Lennon and McCartney, and had instigated McCartney's first experience with LSD. Lennon adapted the song's verse lyrics from a story in the 17 January 1967 edition of the Daily Mail, which reported the ruling on a custody action over Browne's two young children. During a writing session at McCartney's house in north London, Lennon and McCartney fine-tuned the lyrics, using an approach that author Howard Sounes likens to the cut-up technique popularised by William S. Burroughs. "I didn't copy the accident," Lennon said. "Tara didn't blow his mind out, but it was in my mind when I was writing that verse. The details of the accident in the songnot noticing traffic lights and a crowd forming at the scenewere similarly part of the fiction." In 1997, McCartney expounded on the subject: "The verse about the politician blowing his mind out in a car we wrote together. It has been attributed to Tara Browne, the Guinness heir, which I don't believe is the case, certainly as we were writing it, I was not attributing it to Tara in my head. In John's head it might have been. In my head I was imagining a politician bombed out on drugs who'd stopped at some traffic lights and didn't notice that the lights had changed. The 'blew his mind' was purely a drugs reference, nothing to do with a car crash." But in 2021, McCartney recalled the inspiration for this part of the composition as follows: "That was around this same time, when I was twenty-something and going out on the moped from my dad's house to Betty's house. I was taking a friend, Tara Guinness. He died later in a car accident. He was a nice boy. I wrote about him in 'A Day in the Life': 'He blew his mind out in a car / He didn't notice that the lights had changed'." ==="4,000 holes"=== Lennon wrote the song's final verse inspired by a Far & Near news brief, in the same 17 January edition of the Daily Mail that had inspired the first two verses. Under the headline "The holes in our roads", the brief stated: "There are 4,000 holes in the road in Blackburn, Lancashire, or one twenty-sixth of a hole per person, according to a council survey. If Blackburn is typical, there are two million holes in Britain's roads and 300,000 in London." The story had been sold to the Daily Mail in Manchester by Ron Kennedy of the Star News agency in Blackburn. Kennedy had noticed a Lancashire Evening Telegraph story about road excavations and in a telephone call to the Borough Engineer's department had checked the annual number of holes in the road. Lennon had a problem with the words of the final verse, however, not being able to think of how to connect "Now they know how many holes it takes to" and "the Albert Hall". His friend Terry Doran suggested that the holes would "fill" the Albert Hall, and the lyric was eventually used. ===Drug culture=== McCartney said about the line "I'd love to turn you on", which concludes both verse sections: "This was the time of Tim Leary's 'Turn on, tune in, drop out' and we wrote, 'I'd love to turn you on.' John and I gave each other a knowing look: 'Uh-huh, it's a drug song. You know that, don't you? George Martin, the Beatles' producer, commented that he had always suspected that the line "found my way upstairs and had a smoke" was a drug reference, recalling how the Beatles would "disappear and have a little puff", presumably of marijuana, but not in front of him. "When [Martin] was doing his TV programme on Pepper", McCartney recalled later, "he asked me, 'Do you know what caused Pepper?' I said, 'In one word, George, drugs. Pot.' And George said, 'No, no. But you weren't on it all the time.' 'Yes, we were.' Sgt. Pepper was a drug album." ===Other reference points=== Author Neil Sinyard attributed the third-verse line "The English Army had just won the war" to Lennon's role in the film How I Won the War, which he had filmed during September and October 1966. Sinyard said: "It's hard to think of [the verse] without automatically associating it with Richard Lester's film." The middle- eight provided by McCartney was written as a wistful recollection of his younger years, which included riding the 82 bus to school, smoking, and going to class. This theme the Beatles' youth in Liverpool matched that of "Penny Lane" (named after the street in Liverpool) and "Strawberry Fields Forever" (named after the orphanage near Lennon's childhood home in Liverpool), two songs written for the album but instead released as a double A-side. ==Musical structure and development== ===Basic track=== The Beatles began recording the song, with a working title of "In the Life of ...", at EMI's Studio Two on 19 January 1967. The line-up as they rehearsed the track was Lennon on piano, McCartney on Hammond organ, Harrison on acoustic guitar, and Starr on congas. The band then taped four takes of the rhythm track, by which point Lennon had switched to acoustic guitar and McCartney to piano, with Harrison now playing maracas. As a link between the end of the second verse and the start of McCartney's middle-eight, the band included a 24-bar bridge. At first, the Beatles were not sure how to fill this link section. At the conclusion of the session on 19 January, the transition consisted of a simple repeated piano chord and the voice of assistant Mal Evans counting out the bars. Evans' voice was treated with gradually increasing amounts of echo. The 24-bar bridge ended with the sound of an alarm clock triggered by Evans. Although the original intent was to edit out the ringing alarm clock when the section was filled in, it complemented McCartney's piece – which begins with the line "Woke up, fell out of bed" – so the decision was made to keep the sound. A second transition follows McCartney's final line of the middle eight ("I went into a dream") consisting of vocalised "aah"s that link to the song's final verse. (Accounts differ as to which of the Beatles sang it.) The track was refined with remixing and additional parts added on 20 January and 3 February. During the latter session, McCartney and Starr re-recorded their contributions on bass guitar and drums, respectively. Starr later highlighted his fills on the song as typical of an approach whereby "I try to become an instrument; play the mood of the song. For example, 'Four thousand holes in Blackburn, Lancashire,' – boom ba bom. I try to show that; the disenchanting mood." As on the 1966 track "Rain", music journalist Ben Edmonds recognises Starr's playing as reflective of his empathy with Lennon's songwriting. In Edmonds' description, the drumming on "A Day in the Life" "embod[ies] psychedelic driftmysterious, surprising, without losing sight of its rhythmic role". ===Orchestra=== The orchestral portions of "A Day in the Life" reflect Lennon and McCartney's interest in the work of avant-garde composers such as Karlheinz Stockhausen, Luciano Berio and John Cage. To fill the empty 24-bar middle section, Lennon's request to George Martin was that the orchestra should provide "a tremendous build-up, from nothing up to something absolutely like the end of the world". McCartney suggested having the musicians improvise over the segment. To allay concerns that classically trained musicians would be unable to do this, Martin wrote a loose score for the section. Using the rhythm implied by Lennon's staggered intonation on the words "turn you on", the score was an extended, atonal crescendo that encouraged the musicians to improvise within the defined framework. The orchestral part was recorded on 10 February 1967 in Studio One at EMI Studios, with Martin and McCartney conducting a 40-piece orchestra. The recording session was completed at a total cost of £367 (equivalent to £ in ) for the players, an extravagance at the time. Martin later described explaining his score to the puzzled orchestra: McCartney had originally wanted a 90-piece orchestra, but this proved impossible. Instead, the semi-improvised segment was recorded multiple times, filling a separate four-track tape machine, and the four different recordings were overdubbed into a single massive crescendo. The results were successful; in the final edit of the song, the orchestral bridge is reprised after the final verse. The Beatles hosted the orchestral session as a 1960s-style happening, with guests including Mick Jagger, Marianne Faithfull, Keith Richards, Brian Jones, Donovan, Pattie Boyd, Michael Nesmith, and members of the psychedelic design collective The Fool. Overseen by Tony Bramwell of NEMS Enterprises, the event was filmed for use in a projected television special that never materialised. Reflecting the Beatles' taste for experimentation and the avant garde, the orchestra players were asked to wear formal dress and then given a costume piece as a contrast with this attire. This resulted in different players wearing anything from fake noses to fake stick-on nipples. Martin recalled that the lead violinist performed wearing a gorilla paw, while a bassoon player placed a balloon on the end of his instrument. At the end of the night, the four Beatles and some of their guests overdubbed an extended humming sound to close the song – an idea that they later discarded. According to Beatles historian Mark Lewisohn, the tapes from this 10 February orchestral session reveal the guests breaking into loud applause following the second orchestral passage. Among the EMI staff attending the event, one recalled how Ron Richards, the Hollies' producer, was stunned by the music he had heard; in Lewisohn's description, Richards "[sat] with his head in his hands, saying 'I just can't believe it... I give up. Martin later offered his own opinion of the orchestral session: "part of me said 'We're being a bit self-indulgent here.' The other part of me said 'It's bloody ! ===Final chord=== Following the final orchestral crescendo, the song ends with one of the most famous final chords in music history. Overdubbed in place of the vocal experiment from 10 February, this chord was added during a session at EMI's Studio Two on 22 February. Lennon, McCartney, Starr and Evans shared three different pianos, with Martin on a harmonium, and all played an E-major chord simultaneously. The chord was made to ring out for over forty seconds by increasing the recording sound level as the vibration faded out. Towards the end of the chord the recording level was so high that listeners can hear the sounds of the studio, including rustling papers and a squeaking chair. In author Jonathan Gould's commentary on "A Day in the Life", he describes the final chord as "a forty-second meditation on finality that leaves each member of the audience listening with a new kind of attention and awareness to the sound of nothing at all". One of the first outsiders to hear the completed recording was the Byrds' David Crosby when he visited the Beatles during their 24 February overdubbing session for "Lovely Rita". He recalled his reaction to the song: "Man, I was a . I was floored. It took me several minutes to be able to talk after that." Due to the multiple takes required to perfect the orchestral cacophony and the final chord, the total time spent recording "A Day in the Life" was 34 hours. By contrast, the Beatles' debut album, Please Please Me, had been recorded in its entirety in only 15 hours, 45 minutes. ===High-pitched tone and run-out groove=== Following "A Day in the Life" on the Sgt. Pepper album (as first released on LP in the UK and years later worldwide on CD) is a high-frequency 15-kilohertz tone and some randomly spliced studio chatter. The tone is the same pitch as a dog whistle, at the upper limit of human hearing, but within the range that dogs and cats can hear. This addition was part of the Beatles' humour and was suggested by Lennon. The studio babble, titled in the session notes "Edit for LP End" and recorded on 21 April 1967, two months after the mono and stereo masters for "A Day in the Life" had been finalised, was added to the run-out groove of the initial British pressing. The two or three seconds of gibberish looped back into itself endlessly on any record player not equipped with an automatic phonograph arm return. Some listeners discerned words among the vocal gibberish, including Lennon saying "Been so high", followed by McCartney's response: "Never could be any other way." US copies of the album lacked the high-pitched tone and the studio babble. ==Variations== On the Sgt. Pepper album, the start of "A Day in the Life" is cross-faded with the applause at the end of the previous track, "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)". On the Beatles' 1967–1970 compilation LP, the crossfade is cut off, and the track begins abruptly after the start of the original recording, but on the soundtrack album Imagine: John Lennon and the CD versions of 1967–1970, the song starts cleanly, with no applause effects. The Anthology 2 album, released in 1996, featured a composite remix of "A Day in the Life", including elements from the first two takes, representing the song at its early, pre-orchestral stage, while Anthology 3 included a version of "The End" that concludes by having the last note fade into the final chord of "A Day in the Life" (reversed, then played forwards). The version on the 2006 soundtrack remix album Love has the song starting with Lennon's intro of "sugar plum fairy", with the strings being more prominent during the crescendos. In 2017, a handful of outtakes from the recording sessions, including the first take, were included on the two-disc and six-disc versions of the 50th-anniversary edition of Sgt. Pepper. The six-disc version of that edition also included, on a disc of mono mixes, a previously unreleased early demo mix of the song in its pre-orchestral stage, as of 30 January. ==BBC radio ban== The song became controversial for its supposed references to drugs. On 20 May 1967, during the BBC Light Programme's preview of the Sgt. Pepper album, disc jockey Kenny Everett was prevented from playing "A Day in the Life". The BBC announced that it would not broadcast the song due to the line "I'd love to turn you on", which, according to the corporation, advocated drug use. Other lyrics allegedly referring to drugs include "found my way upstairs and had a smoke / somebody spoke and I went into a dream". A spokesman for the BBC stated: "We have listened to this song over and over again. And we have decided that it appears to go just a little too far, and could encourage a permissive attitude to drug-taking." At the time, Lennon and McCartney denied that there were drug references in "A Day in the Life" and publicly complained about the ban at a dinner party at the home of their manager, Brian Epstein, celebrating their album's release. Lennon said that the song was simply about "a crash and its victim", and called the line in question "the most innocent of phrases". McCartney later said: "This was the only one in the album written as a deliberate provocation. A stick-that-in- your-pipe ... But what we want is to turn you on to the truth rather than pot.""Paul McCartney's Guide to the Beatles' Songbook" Los Angeles Times 14 January 1968: B19. The Beatles nevertheless aligned themselves with the drug culture in Britain by paying for (at McCartney's instigation) a full-page advertisement in The Times, in which, along with 60 other signatories, they and Epstein denounced the law against marijuana as "immoral in principle and unworkable in practice". In addition, on 19 June, McCartney confirmed to an ITN reporter, further to his statement in a recent Life magazine interview, that he had taken LSD. Described by MacDonald as a "careless admission", it led to condemnation of McCartney in the British press, recalling the outcry caused by the publication of Lennon's "More popular than Jesus" remark in the US in 1966. The BBC ban on the song was eventually lifted on 13 March 1972. ==Recognition and reception== Recalling the release of Sgt. Pepper in his 1977 book The Beatles Forever, Nicholas Schaffner wrote that "Nothing quite like 'A Day in the Life' had been attempted before in so-called popular music" in terms of the song's "use of dynamics and tricks of rhythm, and of space and stereo effect, and its deft intermingling of scenes from dream, reality, and shades in between". Schaffner said that in the context of 1967, the track "was so visually evocative it seemed more like a film than a mere song. Except that the pictures were all in our heads." Having been given a tape of "A Day in the Life" by Harrison before leaving London, David Crosby proselytised strongly about Sgt. Pepper to his circle in Los Angeles, sharing the recording with his Byrds bandmates and Graham Nash. Crosby later expressed surprise that by 1970 the album's powerful sentiments had not been enough to stop the Vietnam War. Richard Goldstein of The New York Times called the song "a deadly earnest excursion in emotive music with a chilling lyric" and said that it "stands as one of the most important Lennon–McCartney compositions … [and] an historic Pop event". In his praise for the track, he drew comparisons between its lyrics and the work of T. S. Eliot and likened its music to Wagner. In a contemporary music critics' poll published by Jazz & Pop magazine, "A Day in the Life" won in the categories of Best Pop Song and Best Pop Arrangement. In his appraisal of the song, musicologist Walter Everett states that, as on the band's Revolver album, "the most monumental piece on Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band was Lennon's". He identifies the track's most striking feature as "its mysterious and poetic approach to serious topics that come together in a larger, direct message to its listeners, an embodiment of the central ideal for which the Beatles stood: that a truly meaningful life can be had only when one is aware of one's self and one's surroundings and overcomes the status quo." Beatles biographer Philip Norman describes "A Day in the Life" as a "masterpiece" and cites it as an example of how Sgt. Pepper "certainly was John's Freak Out!", referring to the 1966 album by the Mothers of Invention. As the closing track on Sgt. Pepper, the song was the object of intense scrutiny and commentary. In Ian MacDonald's description, it has been interpreted "as a sober return to the real world after the drunken fantasy of 'Pepperland'; as a conceptual statement about the structure of the pop album (or the artifice of the studio, or the falsity of recorded performance); as an evocation of a bad [LSD] trip; as a 'pop Waste Land; even as a morbid celebration of death". "A Day in the Life" became one of the Beatles' most influential songs, and many now consider it to be the band's greatest work. Paul Grushkin, in his book Rockin' Down the Highway: The Cars and People That Made Rock Roll, called the track "one of the most ambitious, influential, and groundbreaking works in pop music history". According to musicologist John Covach, A Day in the Life' is perhaps one of the most important single tracks in the history of rock music; clocking in at only four minutes and forty-five seconds, it must surely be among the shortest epic pieces in rock." In his review of the 50th anniversary edition of Sgt. Pepper for Rolling Stone, Mikal Gilmore says that "A Day in the Life" and Harrison's "Within You Without You" are the only songs on the album that transcend its legacy as "a gestalt: a whole that was greater than the sum of its parts". In a 2017 article for Newsweek, Tim de Lisle cited Chris Smith's recollection of him and fellow art student Freddie Mercury "writ[ing] little bits of songs which we linked together, like 'A Day in the Life, as evidence to show that "No Pepper, no 'Bohemian Rhapsody'." James A. Moorer has said that both "A Day in the Life" and a fugue in B minor by Bach were his sources of inspiration for Deep Note, the audio trademark he created for the THX film company. The song's final chord inspired Apple sound designer Jim Reekes in creating the start-up chime of the Apple Macintosh featured on Macintosh Quadra computers. Reekes said he used "a C Major chord, played with both hands stretched out as wide as possible", played on a Korg Wavestation EX. "A Day in the Life" appears on many top songs lists. It placed twelfth on CBC's 50 Tracks, the second highest Beatles song on the list after "In My Life". It placed first in Q magazine's list of the 50 greatest British songs of all time, and was at the top of Mojo 101 Greatest Beatles' Songs, as decided by a panel of musicians and journalists. "A Day in the Life" was also nominated for a Grammy in 1967 for Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist or Instrumentalist. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked it at number 26 on the magazine's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time", number 28 on a revised list in 2011, number 24 on a revised list on 2021, and in 2010, deemed it to be the Beatles' greatest song. It is listed at number 5 on Pitchfork list of "The 200 Greatest Songs of the 1960s". According to Acclaimed Music, it is the third-most celebrated song in popular music history, and the second-most acclaimed of the 1960s. ==Certifications== ==Legacy== On 27 August 1992 Lennon's handwritten lyrics were sold by the estate of Mal Evans in an auction at Sotheby's London for $100,000 (£56,600) to Joseph Reynoso, an American from Chicago. The lyrics were put up for sale again in March 2006 by Bonhams in New York. Sealed bids were opened on 7 March 2006 and offers started at about $2 million. The lyric sheet was auctioned again by Sotheby's in June 2010. It was purchased by an anonymous American buyer who paid $1,200,000 (£810,000). McCartney has performed the song in some of his live shows since his 2008 tour. It is played in a medley with "Give Peace a Chance". On 11 March 2022, the song was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales and streams exceeding 200,000 units. ===Cover versions=== The song has been recorded by many other artists, notably by Jeff Beck on the 1998 George Martin album In My Life, which was used in the film Across the Universe, and on Beck's 2008 album Performing This Week: Live at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club, which won Beck the 2010 Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance. English group The Fall recorded a version for the NME compilation Sgt. Pepper Knew My Father. Jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery released a smooth jazz version of the song, in his recognisable octave style with string accompaniment, on his 1967 album A Day in the Life. The album also included the guitarist's version of the Beatles' "Eleanor Rigby". The recording is one of Montgomery's popular song adaptations, made after his shift from the hardbop and postbop Riverside Records sound to smooth jazz, A&M; period records that were targeted at popular audiences. The album reached number 13, Montgomery's highest showing on the Billboard 200 album chart. The London Symphony Orchestra released an orchestral cover of the song in 1978 on Classic Rock: The Second Movement. It was also covered by the Bee Gees for the 1978 film Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and was included on the soundtrack of the same name, produced by Martin. Credited to Barry Gibb, this version was released as a single, backed by "Nowhere Man", which he also recorded for the film. David Bowie used the lyric "I heard the news today—oh, boy!" in his 1975 song "Young Americans". Lennon appeared twice on Bowie's album Young Americans, providing guitar and backing vocals. Bob Dylan included the same line in his tribute song to Lennon, "Roll on John", on the 2012 album Tempest. Phish has covered the song more than 65 times since debuting it on 10 June 1995, often as an encore selection. Page McConnell and Trey Anastasio have split vocal duties for the Lennon/McCartney sections respectively. A live version by Sting can be found on the EP Demolition Man. ==Personnel== The Beatles * John Lennon – lead vocal (verses), acoustic guitar, piano (final chord) * Paul McCartney – lead vocal (middle-eight), piano (throughout and final chord), bass guitar * George Harrison – maracas * Ringo Starr – drums, congas, piano (final chord) Additional musicians * Mal Evans – alarm clock, counting, piano (final chord) * George Martin – orchestral arrangement, harmonium (final chord) * Erich Gruenberg, Granville Jones, Bill Monro, Jurgen Hess, Hans Geiger, D. Bradley, Lionel Bentley, David McCallum, Donald Weekes, Henry Datyner, Sidney Sax, Ernest Scott, Carlos Villa – violin * John Underwood, Gwynne Edwards, Bernard Davis, John Meek – viola * Francisco Gabarro, Dennis Vigay, Alan Delziel, Alex Nifosi – cello * Cyril Mac Arther, Gordon Pearce – double bass * John Marson – harp * Roger Lord – oboe * Basil Tschaikov, Jack Brymer – clarinet * N. Fawcett, Alfred Waters – bassoon * Clifford Seville, David Sandeman – flute * Alan Civil, Neil Sanders – French horn * David Mason, Monty Montgomery, Harold Jackson – trumpet * Raymond Brown, Raymond Premru, T. Moore – trombone * Michael Barnes – tuba * Tristan Fry – timpani * Marijke Koger – tambourine ==Notes== ==References== ==Sources== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * == External links == * Category:1967 songs Category:The Beatles songs Category:Songs written by Lennon–McCartney Category:Song recordings produced by George Martin Category:Songs published by Northern Songs Category:Songs banned by the BBC Category:Songs inspired by deaths Category:Songs about cannabis Category:British psychedelic rock songs Category:Art rock songs Category:1978 singles Category:Barry Gibb songs Category:RSO Records singles Category:Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance
14356929	A Bus for a Bus on the Bus	"A Bus for a Bus on the Bus" is the debut single by English rock band Cardiacs, then known as Cardiac Arrest, released in 1979 under Tortch Records. The song's title recalls "A Pound for a Brown on the Bus" from the Mothers of Invention album Uncle Meat (1969). Until the release of The Special Garage Concerts Vol II, none of the tracks on the 7-inch single had been reproduced anywhere else. The single was supposed to contain four tracks and not three, but the limited space on the 7-inch format prevented it. The fourth track was to be "Keep Your Dead Mice with You", which was later re-recorded as "Dead Mouse" on the Toy World album. The single is one of the rarest Cardiacs items. == Recording == According to Pugh, Jim Smith broke the E string on his bass during recording. Before recording Cade bought some children's items from a newsagent and brought them to the session. Smith proceeded to give each member a different item and conducted them like an orchestra to make noises on "A Cake for Bertie's Party" during the middle section. During the recording of "Keep Your Dead Mice With You", which was at the end of the session, Smith and Pugh tried to put together a vocal harmony but it was not finished. The songs were mixed at the end of the session and 1000 copies were pressed. ==Reissues and alternate versions of tracks== Cardiac Arrest E.P. has never been reissued, and thus is one of the rarest Cardiacs releases. None of the tracks have ever been reissued from the original master, although tracks have had live versions appearing on other albums. *All three tracks were performed live on the 2005 live album The Special Garage Concerts Vol II *Versions of "A Bus for a Bus on the Bus" and "A Cake for Bertie's Party" appeared on the 2017 DVD Some Fairytales From the Rotten Shed. *The band SlapPeR released a version of the song in aid of Tim Smith in January 2020. ==Track listing== :A1. "A Bus for a Bus on the Bus" (Tim Smith, Michael Pugh) – 4:33 :B2. "A Cake for Bertie's Party" (T. Smith, Jim Smith, Colvin Mayers) – 3:10 :B3. "Food on the Wall" (Mayers) – 1:08 ==Personnel== According to Eric Benac: * Philip Pilf (Tim Smith) – guitar, vocals * Patty Pilf (Jim Smith) – bass * Peter Boker (Michael Pugh) – vocals * Duncan Doilet (Colvin Mayers) – keyboards * Richard Targett (Peter Tagg) – drums * Raphael Cadd (Ralph Cade) – saxophone, triangle Pete's Cardiacs Site credits synth to Tim Smith rather than vocals and credits Pugh as "Peter 'Zip' Boker" and Mayers as "Max Cat". == Notes == == References == Category:Cardiacs songs Category:1979 singles Category:1979 songs Category:Songs written by Tim Smith (Cardiacs)
14404655	A Coruña (Congress of Deputies constituency)	A Coruña (, ) is one of the 52 constituencies () represented in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales. The constituency currently elects 8 deputies. Its boundaries correspond to those of the Spanish province of A Coruña. The electoral system uses the D'Hondt method and a closed-list proportional representation, with a minimum threshold of three percent. ==Electoral system== The constituency was created as per the Political Reform Act 1977 and was first contested in the 1977 general election. The Act provided for the provinces of Spain to be established as multi-member districts in the Congress of Deputies, with this regulation being maintained under the Spanish Constitution of 1978. Additionally, the Constitution requires for any modification of the provincial limits to be approved under an organic law, needing an absolute majority in the Cortes Generales. Voting is on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprises all nationals over eighteen and in full enjoyment of their political rights. The only exception was in 1977, when this was limited to nationals over twenty-one and in full enjoyment of their political and civil rights. Amendments to the electoral law in 2011 required for Spaniards abroad to apply for voting before being permitted to vote, a system known as "begged" or expat vote (). 348 seats are elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of three percent of valid votes—which includes blank ballots—being applied in each constituency. Each provincial constituency is entitled to an initial minimum of two seats, with the remaining 248 being distributed in proportion to their populations. Ceuta and Melilla are allocated the two remaining seats, which are elected using plurality voting. The use of the D'Hondt method may result in a higher effective threshold, depending on the district magnitude. The electoral law allows for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election are required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call—fifteen before 1985—whereas groupings of electors need to secure the signature of at least one percent of the electorate in the constituencies for which they seek election—one-thousandth of the electorate, with a compulsory minimum of 500 signatures, until 1985—disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. Also since 2011, parties, federations or coalitions that have not obtained a mandate in either chamber of the Cortes at the preceding election are required to secure the signature of at least 0.1 percent of electors in the aforementioned constituencies. ==Deputies== Deputies 1977–present Legislature Election Distribution Constituent 1977 {| style="width:11.25em; font-size:90%; text-align:center; font-family:Courier New;" 2 6 1 ==Elections== ===November 2019 general election=== Summary of the 10 November 2019 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 187,127 30.50 +4.99 3 ±0 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 184,178 30.02 –1.38 3 ±0 In Common–United We Can (Podemos–EU) 77,069 12.56 –2.21 1 ±0 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 58,135 9.48 +2.82 1 +1 Vox (Vox) 50,325 8.20 +2.56 0 ±0 Citizens–Party of the Citizenry (Cs) 28,469 4.64 –7.42 0 –1 More Country–Equo (Más País–Equo) 12,619 2.06 New 0 ±0 Animalist Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 4,572 0.75 –0.31 0 ±0 Spanish Communist Workers' Party (PCOE) 1,689 0.28 +0.01 0 ±0 Zero Cuts–Green Group (Recortes Cero–GV) 925 0.15 –0.05 0 ±0 For a Fairer World (PUM+J) 607 0.10 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of the Workers of Galicia (PCTG) 472 0.08 –0.01 0 ±0 Blank ballots 7,307 1.19 +0.02 Total 613,494 8 ±0 Valid votes 613,494 98.86 +0.18 Invalid votes 7,056 1.14 –0.18 Votes cast / turnout 620,550 57.04 –6.06 Abstentions 467,289 42.96 +6.06 Registered voters 1,087,839 Sources ===April 2019 general election=== Summary of the 28 April 2019 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 212,665 31.40 +9.64 3 +1 People's Party (PP) 172,799 25.51 –14.57 3 –1 In Common–United We Can (Podemos–EU–Mareas en Común–Equo)1 100,019 14.77 –8.32 1 –1 Citizens–Party of the Citizenry (Cs) 81,677 12.06 +2.68 1 +1 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 45,095 6.66 +3.65 0 ±0 Vox (Vox) 38,187 5.64 +5.48 0 ±0 Animalist Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 7,176 1.06 –0.01 0 ±0 In Tide (En Marea) 6,806 1.00 New 0 ±0 Spanish Communist Workers' Party (PCOE) 1,814 0.27 New 0 ±0 Zero Cuts–Green Group (Recortes Cero–GV) 1,331 0.20 –0.05 0 ±0 Commitment to Galicia (CxG) 1,272 0.19 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of the Workers of Galicia (PCTG) 600 0.09 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 7,901 1.17 +0.13 Total 677,342 8 ±0 Valid votes 677,342 98.68 –0.14 Invalid votes 9,067 1.32 +0.14 Votes cast / turnout 686,409 63.10 +3.23 Abstentions 401,447 36.90 –3.23 Registered voters 1,087,856 Sources ===2016 general election=== Summary of the 26 June 2016 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 257,855 40.08 +4.58 4 +1 In Tide (Podemos–Anova–EU) 148,566 23.09 –3.25 2 ±0 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 139,973 21.76 +1.33 2 ±0 Citizens–Party of the Citizenry (C's) 60,347 9.38 –0.53 0 –1 Galician Nationalist Bloc–We–Galician Candidacy (BNG–Nós)1 19,343 3.01 –1.53 0 ±0 Animalist Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 6,857 1.07 +0.30 0 ±0 Zero Cuts–Green Group (Recortes Cero–GV) 1,583 0.25 +0.02 0 ±0 Vox (Vox) 1,026 0.16 –0.02 0 ±0 Communists of Galicia (PCPE–CdG) 754 0.12 –0.09 0 ±0 Internationalist Solidarity and Self-Management (SAIn) 392 0.06 ±0.00 0 ±0 Blank ballots 6,693 1.04 –0.10 Total 643,389 8 ±0 Valid votes 643,389 98.82 +0.07 Invalid votes 7,676 1.18 –0.07 Votes cast / turnout 651,065 59.87 –2.83 Abstentions 436,407 40.13 +2.83 Registered voters 1,087,472 Sources ===2015 general election=== Summary of the 20 December 2015 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 239,303 35.50 –16.02 3 –2 In Tide (Podemos–Anova–EU)1 177,581 26.34 +21.03 2 +2 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 137,734 20.43 –6.89 2 ±0 Citizens–Party of the Citizenry (C's) 66,784 9.91 New 1 +1 We–Galician Candidacy (Nós)2 30,618 4.54 –7.16 0 –1 Animalist Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 5,169 0.77 +0.36 0 ±0 Union, Progress and Democracy (UPyD) 3,531 0.52 –0.80 0 ±0 Zero Cuts–Green Group (Recortes Cero–GV) 1,548 0.23 New 0 ±0 Communists of Galicia (PCPE–CdG) 1,447 0.21 +0.01 0 ±0 Vox (Vox) 1,246 0.18 New 0 ±0 Land Party (PT) 1,119 0.17 New 0 ±0 Internationalist Solidarity and Self-Management (SAIn) 429 0.06 –0.01 0 ±0 Blank ballots 7,674 1.14 –0.69 Total 674,183 8 ±0 Valid votes 674,183 98.75 +0.30 Invalid votes 8,562 1.25 –0.30 Votes cast / turnout 682,745 62.70 +0.33 Abstentions 406,077 37.30 –0.33 Registered voters 1,088,822 Sources ===2011 general election=== Summary of the 20 November 2011 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 343,270 51.52 +8.85 5 +1 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 182,056 27.32 –13.69 2 –1 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 77,945 11.70 –0.27 1 ±0 United Left–The Greens: Plural Left (EU–V) 30,557 4.59 +3.02 0 ±0 Union, Progress and Democracy (UPyD) 8,812 1.32 +0.72 0 ±0 Equo (Equo) 4,802 0.72 New 0 ±0 Animalist Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 2,709 0.41 +0.22 0 ±0 For a Fairer World (PUM+J) 1,241 0.19 +0.09 0 ±0 Communist Party of the Peoples of Spain (PCPE) 776 0.12 New 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 694 0.10 +0.05 0 ±0 XXI Convergence (C.XXI) 487 0.07 New 0 ±0 Internationalist Solidarity and Self-Management (SAIn) 476 0.07 +0.03 0 ±0 Communist Unification of Spain (UCE) 319 0.05 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 12,173 1.83 +0.65 Total 666,317 8 ±0 Valid votes 666,317 98.45 –0.85 Invalid votes 10,520 1.55 +0.85 Votes cast / turnout 676,837 62.37 –7.59 Abstentions 408,395 37.63 +7.59 Registered voters 1,085,232 Sources ===2008 general election=== Summary of the 9 March 2008 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 316,688 42.67 –1.92 4 ±0 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 304,398 41.01 +2.11 3 –1 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 88,830 11.97 +0.27 1 ±0 United Left–Alternative (EU–IU) 11,669 1.57 –0.34 0 ±0 Union, Progress and Democracy (UPyD) 4,468 0.60 New 0 ±0 The Greens of Europe (LVdE) 1,800 0.24 New 0 ±0 Anti-Bullfighting Party Against Mistreatment of Animals (PACMA) 1,410 0.19 New 0 ±0 Social Democratic Party (PSD) 1,060 0.14 New 0 ±0 For a Fairer World (PUM+J) 773 0.10 New 0 ±0 Citizens–Party of the Citizenry (C's) 496 0.07 New 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 381 0.05 –0.10 0 ±0 Spanish Phalanx of the CNSO (FE–JONS) 341 0.05 +0.02 0 ±0 National Democracy (DN) 288 0.04 –0.02 0 ±0 Family and Life Party (PFyV) 288 0.04 New 0 ±0 Internationalist Solidarity and Self-Management (SAIn) 287 0.04 New 0 ±0 Electronic Voting Assembly (AVE) 144 0.02 New 0 ±0 Spanish Alternative (AES) 127 0.02 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 8,783 1.18 –0.63 Total 742,231 8 –1 Valid votes 742,231 99.30 +0.01 Invalid votes 5,232 0.70 –0.01 Votes cast / turnout 747,463 69.96 –0.64 Abstentions 320,970 30.04 +0.64 Registered voters 1,068,433 Sources ===2004 general election=== Summary of the 14 March 2004 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 329,389 44.59 –7.35 4 –1 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 287,324 38.90 +14.14 4 +2 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 86,459 11.70 –7.57 1 –1 United Left (EU–IU) 14,125 1.91 +0.49 0 ±0 Party of Self-employed and Professionals (AUTONOMO) 1,659 0.22 –0.04 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 1,130 0.15 +0.04 0 ±0 Republican Left–Galician Republican Left (IR–ERG) 1,082 0.15 New 0 ±0 Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) 1,012 0.14 +0.05 0 ±0 Galician Coalition (CG) 827 0.11 –0.01 0 ±0 Galician People's Front (FPG) 775 0.10 +0.01 0 ±0 National Democracy (DN) 438 0.06 New 0 ±0 Spanish Democratic Party (PADE) 430 0.06 +0.01 0 ±0 Spanish Phalanx of the CNSO (FE–JONS) 243 0.03 New 0 ±0 The Phalanx (FE) 234 0.03 –0.03 0 ±0 Republican Social Movement (MSR) 207 0.03 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 13,347 1.81 +0.32 Total 738,681 9 ±0 Valid votes 738,681 99.29 ±0.00 Invalid votes 5,255 0.71 ±0.00 Votes cast / turnout 743,936 70.60 +6.76 Abstentions 309,802 29.40 –6.76 Registered voters 1,053,738 Sources ===2000 general election=== Summary of the 12 March 2000 Congress of Deputies election results in A Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 340,434 51.94 +4.65 5 ±0 Socialists' Party of Galicia–Progressives (PSdeG–PSOE–p) 162,273 24.76 –9.09 2 –1 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 126,287 19.27 +6.53 2 +1 United Left (EU–IU) 9,321 1.42 –2.88 0 ±0 Party of Self-employed and Professionals (AUTONOMO) 1,676 0.26 New 0 ±0 Galician Democracy (DG) 1,347 0.21 New 0 ±0 Galician Coalition (CG) 788 0.12 New 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 746 0.11 +0.02 0 ±0 Centrist Union–Democratic and Social Centre (UC–CDS) 619 0.09 –0.09 0 ±0 Galician People's Front (FPG) 606 0.09 –0.03 0 ±0 Natural Law Party (PLN) 531 0.08 New 0 ±0 The Phalanx (FE) 379 0.06 New 0 ±0 Spanish Democratic Party (PADE) 320 0.05 New 0 ±0 Spain 2000 Platform (ES2000) 319 0.05 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 9,741 1.49 +0.51 Total 655,387 9 ±0 Valid votes 655,387 99.29 –0.14 Invalid votes 4,654 0.71 +0.14 Votes cast / turnout 660,041 63.84 –6.99 Abstentions 373,924 36.16 +6.99 Registered voters 1,033,965 Sources ===1996 general election=== Summary of the 3 March 1996 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 325,922 47.29 +3.06 5 ±0 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 233,344 33.85 –3.42 3 –1 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 87,824 12.74 +4.38 1 +1 United Left–Galician Left (EU–EG) 29,669 4.30 –1.14 0 ±0 The Greens of Galicia (Os Verdes) 3,102 0.45 +0.09 0 ±0 Centrist Union (UC) 1,228 0.18 –1.60 0 ±0 Galician People's Front (FPG) 825 0.12 New 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 619 0.09 +0.04 0 ±0 Blank ballots 6,736 0.98 +0.01 Total 689,269 9 ±0 Valid votes 689,269 99.43 +0.36 Invalid votes 3,928 0.57 –0.36 Votes cast / turnout 693,197 70.83 +1.11 Abstentions 285,422 29.17 –1.11 Registered voters 978,619 Sources ===1993 general election=== Summary of the 6 June 1993 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− People's Party (PP) 281,077 44.23 +8.40 5 +1 Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 236,812 37.27 +0.45 4 ±0 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 53,153 8.36 +4.27 0 ±0 United Left–Galician Unity (EU–UG) 34,550 5.44 +1.50 0 ±0 Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) 11,328 1.78 –7.23 0 –1 The Greens (Os Verdes) 2,276 0.36 –0.22 0 ±0 Galician Alternative (AG) 2,252 0.35 New 0 ±0 The Ecologists (LE) 1,883 0.30 –0.09 0 ±0 Galician Nationalist Convergence (CNG) 1,357 0.21 New 0 ±0 Workers' Socialist Party (PST) 1,355 0.21 –0.42 0 ±0 Ruiz-Mateos Group–European Democratic Alliance (ARM–ADE) 1,156 0.18 –0.83 0 ±0 Communist Party of the Galician People (PCPG) 874 0.14 +0.02 0 ±0 Coalition for a New Socialist Party (CNPS)1 340 0.05 –0.03 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 336 0.05 –0.03 0 ±0 Natural Law Party (PLN) 281 0.04 New 0 ±0 Party of El Bierzo (PB) 277 0.04 New 0 ±0 Communist Unification of Spain (UCE) 0 0.00 New 0 ±0 Blank ballots 6,136 0.97 +0.05 Total 635,443 9 ±0 Valid votes 635,443 99.07 +0.59 Invalid votes 5,938 0.93 –0.59 Votes cast / turnout 641,381 69.72 +9.90 Abstentions 278,586 30.28 –9.90 Registered voters 919,967 Sources ===1989 general election=== Summary of the 29 October 1989 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdeG–PSOE) 190,844 36.82 –2.33 4 ±0 People's Party (PP)1 185,709 35.83 –0.23 4 ±0 Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) 46,675 9.01 –1.10 1 ±0 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 21,202 4.09 +1.53 0 ±0 United Left (EU) 20,397 3.94 +2.64 0 ±0 Galician Socialist Party–Galician Left (PSG–EG) 15,670 3.02 –0.63 0 ±0 Galician Nationalist Party–Galicianist Party (PNG–PG) 5,539 1.07 New 0 ±0 Ruiz-Mateos Group (Ruiz-Mateos) 5,255 1.01 New 0 ±0 Galician Coalition (CG) 5,173 1.00 –2.64 0 ±0 Workers' Socialist Party (PST) 3,258 0.63 +0.02 0 ±0 The Greens–Green List (LV–LV) 3,029 0.58 New 0 ±0 Workers' Party of Spain–Communist Unity (PTE–UC)2 2,713 0.52 –0.66 0 ±0 The Ecologist Greens (LVE) 2,008 0.39 New 0 ±0 Spanish Vertex Ecological Development Revindication (VERDE) 1,539 0.30 New 0 ±0 Galician People's Front (FPG) 1,346 0.26 New 0 ±0 Revolutionary Workers' Party of Spain (PORE) 646 0.12 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of the Galician People (PCPG) 633 0.12 New 0 ±0 Spanish Phalanx of the CNSO (FE–JONS) 570 0.11 –0.10 0 ±0 Asturianist Party (PAS) 434 0.08 New 0 ±0 Alliance for the Republic (AxR)3 430 0.08 –0.11 0 ±0 Humanist Party (PH) 421 0.08 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of Spain (Marxist–Leninist) (PCE (m–l))4 0 0.00 –0.19 0 ±0 Blank ballots 4,775 0.92 +0.33 Total 518,266 9 ±0 Valid votes 518,266 98.48 +0.05 Invalid votes 8,012 1.52 –0.05 Votes cast / turnout 526,278 59.82 +0.21 Abstentions 353,484 40.18 –0.21 Registered voters 879,762 Sources ===1986 general election=== Summary of the 22 June 1986 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdG–PSOE) 200,522 39.15 +0.93 4 ±0 People's Coalition (AP–PDP–PL)1 184,681 36.06 +0.90 4 ±0 Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) 51,763 10.11 +7.36 1 +1 Galician Socialist Party–Galician Left (PSG–EG)2 18,669 3.65 +2.02 0 ±0 Galician Coalition (CG) 18,662 3.64 New 0 ±0 Galician Nationalist Bloc (BNG) 13,092 2.56 –0.65 0 ±0 Galicianist and United Left Platform (PG–EU)3 6,639 1.30 –0.47 0 ±0 Communists' Unity Board (MUC) 6,042 1.18 New 0 ±0 Workers' Socialist Party (PST) 3,130 0.61 –0.54 0 ±0 Communist Unification of Spain (UCE) 1,528 0.30 +0.11 0 ±0 Internationalist Socialist Workers' Party (POSI) 975 0.19 New 0 ±0 Republican Popular Unity (UPR)4 953 0.19 +0.05 0 ±0 Spanish Phalanx of the CNSO (FE–JONS) 942 0.18 New 0 ±0 Party of the Communists of Catalonia (PCC) 834 0.16 New 0 ±0 National Unity Coalition (CUN) 692 0.14 New 0 ±0 Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) n/a n/a –12.98 0 –1 Blank ballots 3,017 0.59 +0.06 Total 512,141 9 ±0 Valid votes 512,141 98.43 +0.20 Invalid votes 8,188 1.57 –0.20 Votes cast / turnout 520,329 59.61 –5.40 Abstentions 352,549 40.39 +5.40 Registered voters 872,878 Sources ===1982 general election=== Summary of the 28 October 1982 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Socialists' Party of Galicia (PSdG–PSOE) 196,359 38.22 +20.32 4 +2 People's Alliance–People's Democratic Party (AP–PDP)1 180,619 35.16 +23.38 4 +3 Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) 66,689 12.98 –33.63 1 –5 Galician Nationalist Bloc–Galician Socialist Party (B–PSG)2 16,469 3.21 –8.75 0 ±0 Democratic and Social Centre (CDS) 14,146 2.75 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of Galicia (PCE–PCG) 9,113 1.77 –2.94 0 ±0 Galician Left (EG) 8,350 1.63 New 0 ±0 Workers' Socialist Party (PST) 5,912 1.15 New 0 ±0 Independent Galician Electoral Group (AEGI) 5,512 1.07 New 0 ±0 Galician Independents and Migrants (IDG) 2,236 0.44 New 0 ±0 Spanish Communist Workers' Party (PCOE) 1,653 0.32 New 0 ±0 New Force (FN)3 1,216 0.24 –1.59 0 ±0 Spanish Solidarity (SE) 1,036 0.20 New 0 ±0 Communist Unification of Spain (UCE) 980 0.19 New 0 ±0 Communist Party of Spain (Marxist–Leninist) (PCE (m–l)) 740 0.14 New 0 ±0 Communist Left (LCR–MC)4 0 0.00 –0.81 0 ±0 Blank ballots 2,708 0.53 +0.44 Total 513,738 9 ±0 Valid votes 513,738 98.23 +0.13 Invalid votes 9,281 1.77 –0.13 Votes cast / turnout 523,019 65.01 +11.69 Abstentions 281,442 34.99 –11.69 Registered voters 804,461 Sources ===1979 general election=== Summary of the 1 March 1979 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) 200,120 46.61 –2.63 6 ±0 Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE)1 76,873 17.90 –4.85 2 ±0 Democratic Coalition (CD)2 50,588 11.78 +0.63 1 ±0 Galician Unity (PG–POG–PSG)3 28,136 6.55 +2.86 0 ±0 Galician National-Popular Bloc (BNPG) 23,247 5.41 +3.63 0 ±0 Communist Party of Spain (PCE) 20,213 4.71 +0.99 0 ±0 Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (historical) (PSOEh)4 12,368 2.88 +1.83 0 ±0 National Union (UN)5 4,285 1.00 +0.53 0 ±0 Party of Labour of Spain (PTE)6 3,043 0.71 +0.11 0 ±0 Workers' Communist Party (PCT) 2,271 0.53 New 0 ±0 Communist Movement of Galicia–Organization of Communist Left (MCG–OIC) 2,254 0.52 New 0 ±0 Republican Left (IR) 1,490 0.35 New 0 ±0 Communist Organization of Spain (Red Flag) (OCE–BR) 1,446 0.34 New 0 ±0 Workers' Revolutionary Organization (ORT)7 1,423 0.33 –0.08 0 ±0 Revolutionary Communist League (LCR)8 1,224 0.29 –0.10 0 ±0 Blank ballots 402 0.09 –0.46 Total 429,383 9 ±0 Valid votes 429,383 98.10 +0.48 Invalid votes 8,319 1.90 –0.48 Votes cast / turnout 437,702 53.32 –9.82 Abstentions 383,172 46.68 +9.82 Registered voters 820,874 Sources ===1977 general election=== Summary of the 15 June 1977 Congress of Deputies election results in La Coruña Parties and alliances Popular vote Seats Votes % ±pp Total +/− Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) 221,996 49.24 n/a 6 n/a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) 78,598 17.43 n/a 2 n/a People's Alliance (AP) 50,256 11.15 n/a 1 n/a People's Socialist Party–Socialist Unity (PSP–US) 23,978 5.32 n/a 0 n/a Communist Party of Spain (PCE) 16,777 3.72 n/a 0 n/a Galician Socialist Party (PSG) 16,660 3.69 n/a 0 n/a Christian Democratic Team of the Spanish State (PGSD–PPG) 12,674 2.81 n/a 0 n/a Galician National-Popular Bloc (BNPG) 8,027 1.78 n/a 0 n/a Democratic Socialist Alliance (ASDCI) 4,728 1.05 n/a 0 n/a Galician Democratic Party (PDG) 3,196 0.71 n/a 0 n/a Democratic Left Front (FDI) 2,705 0.60 n/a 0 n/a National Alliance July 18 (AN18) 2,116 0.47 n/a 0 n/a Spanish Social Reform (RSE) 2,000 0.44 n/a 0 n/a Workers' Electoral Group (AET) 1,833 0.41 n/a 0 n/a Front for Workers' Unity (FUT) 1,738 0.39 n/a 0 n/a Spanish Phalanx of the CNSO (Authentic) (FE–JONS(A)) 1,144 0.25 n/a 0 n/a Blank ballots 2,458 0.55 n/a Total 450,884 9 n/a Valid votes 450,884 97.62 n/a Invalid votes 10,986 2.38 n/a Votes cast / turnout 461,870 63.14 n/a Abstentions 269,629 36.86 n/a Registered voters 731,499 Sources ==References== Category:Congress of Deputies constituencies (Spain) Category:Province of A Coruña Category:1977 establishments in Spain Category:Constituencies established in 1977 Category:Politics of Galicia (Spain)
14465388	A Dove	A Dove is an album by the American vocal trio the Roches, released in 1992 on MCA Records. The trio supported the album with a North American tour. ==Production== The album was produced by Stewart Lerman. The sisters wrote the songs, which they allowed Lerman and the backing musicians to arrange. "You're the Two" is about a ménage à trois. ==Critical reception== Newsday wrote that the album "walks an oxymoronic line between the maudlin and the flip." The Calgary Herald determined that the songs are "like confessions to an analyst, raw sensations and intelligent impressions spilling out on rivulets of guilt." The Windsor Star concluded that "there's no denying the power the Roches command as a group but individually as writers they have too many misses and not enough hits this time out." The New York Times opined that "even the more whimsical numbers ... carry undertones of loss, loneliness and unease." ==Track listing== # "Ing" # "Troubled Love" # "A Dove" # "Somebody's Gonna Have to Be Me" # "Expecting Your Love" # "Answered Prayers" # "Too Tough Hide" # "Beautiful Love of God" # "You're the One" # "You're the Two" # "Maid of the Seas" == References == Category:The Roches albums Category:1992 albums Category:MCA Records albums
14494806	A Boy Named Sue (film)	A Boy Named Sue is a 2001 documentary film directed by Julie Wyman. It shows the life and transition of Theo, a transgender man who undergoes various stages of transition (including a mastectomy and hormone therapy). The protagonist is filmed extensively throughout, gives a number of interviews, and eventually settles down as a gay male. The film's title is taken from the song A Boy Named Sue. ==Distribution and reception== The film played at several festivals including the 2000 San Francisco International Lesbian and Gay Film Festival and Reel Affirmations. It was nominated for a 2004 GLAAD Media Award. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2001 documentary films Category:2001 films Category:2001 LGBT-related films Category:Transgender-related documentary films Category:Films about trans men Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films Category:American LGBT-related documentary films
14544867	A Drop of Water	A Drop of Water is the debut album by Keiko Matsui that was released in 1987 by Passport. == Track listing == == Personnel == * Keiko Matsui – piano, shakuhachi, synthesizer * Kazu Matsui – shakuhachi * David Garfield – piano, synthesizer * Derek Nakamoto – synthesizer * Walt Fowler – flugelhorn * Brandon Fields – saxophone * Robben Ford – guitar * Grant Geissman – guitar * Suzie Katayama – cello * Matt Bissonette – bass guitar * Nathan East – bass guitar, vocals * Jimmy Johnson – bass guitar * John Leftwich – bass guitar * Gregg Bissonette – drums * Vinnie Colaiuta – drums * Bernie Dresel – drums * Luis Conte – percussion * Michael Fisher – percussion * Carl Anderson – vocals, background vocals * Maxi Anderson – vocals * Marlena Jeter – vocals * Marva King – vocals * Molly Pasutti – vocals ==References== Category:1987 debut albums Category:Keiko Matsui albums
14548950	A Jazz Symphony	A Jazz Symphony is a jazz-influenced classical work by avant-garde composer George Antheil. Written in 1925, it was premiered at his infamous 1927 Carnegie Hall Concert which also debuted the succès de scandale Ballet Mécanique. It was originally intended to be used in Paul Whiteman's Experiment in Modern Music (which famously premiered George Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue) concerts, but was deemed too radical. The original version was scored for a large orchestra. For convenience, Antheil reorchestrated the work in 1955 for a much more conservative ensemble, a version which also rids itself of the many dissonances and noises of the original. It was performed by the Harlem Symphonietta conducted by W.C. Handy, and was praised by the likes of Gershwin and Aaron Copland. Despite this critical success, it was overshadowed by the spectacle of the main work, Ballet Mécanique. The work can be seen with Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue and Darius Milhaud's La création du monde as one of the first classical works with a successful and overt jazz influence. Furthermore, while Gershwin's piece is more influenced by big band and swing, Milhaud's and Antheil's works can be seen as reinterpretations of the large freeness of Creole and New Orleans and cutting-edge New York jazz. == Instrumentation == The 1925 version calls for a large orchestra consisting of the following instruments: ;Woodwinds :2 oboes :2 clarinets in B :soprano saxophone in B :alto saxophone in E :tenor saxophone in B ;Brass :3 trumpets in C :3 trombones :tuba ;Percussion :xylophone :glockenspiel :steamboat whistle :drum set ;Keyboards :3 pianos (piano I solo) ;Strings :2 banjos (2nd optionally doubling guitar) :string section In contrast the 1955 version calls for a much smaller ensemble: ;Woodwinds :1 flute :3 clarinets ;Brass :3 trumpets :3 trombones ;Percussion :timpani :drum set :xylophone :glockenspiel ;Keyboards :piano ;Strings :2 violins I :1 violin II :viola :cello :double bass == References == * Antheil, George (1945). Bad Boy of Music. New York, Da Capo Press. Category:Compositions by George Antheil Category:Compositions for piano and orchestra Category:1925 compositions Category:Jazz compositions
14605334	A Bugged Out Mix by Klaxons	A Bugged Out Mix by Klaxons is a compilation album compiled by British dance- punk band Klaxons. ==Track listing== Source: Amazon == References == Category:Klaxons albums Category:2007 compilation albums
1466166	A Day at the Beach	A Day at the Beach is a 1970 British film based on the 1962 book Een dagje naar het strand by Dutch author Heere Heeresma. The screenplay was written by Roman Polanski, who was originally intended to be the director, although most of the direction was finally done by first-timer Simon Hesera. ==Plot== Set in a rundown Danish seaside resort, it depicts a day in the life of Bernie, a self-destructive alcoholic, as he takes Winnie, a young girl with a leg brace, to the resort despite constant rain. Though Winnie calls Bernie "uncle", he is likely her biological father. Over the course of the day, they encounter various people whom Bernie alternately berates and scams for alcohol, while Winnie is often left alone to fend for herself. ==Cast== * Mark Burns as Bernie * Beatie Edney as Winnie * Fiona Lewis as Melissa * Maurice Roëves as Nicholas * Jack MacGowran as Ticket Seller * Eva Dahlbeck as Café Proprietress * Thomas Heathcote as Dice Player (credited as Tom Heathcote) * Joanna Dunham as Tonie * Graham Stark as Pipi * Peter Sellers as Stallholder (credited as "A. Queen") ==Release== The film was never released in theatres at the time of its completion, but has seen limited runs at film festivals since then. A small clip of the film appears in the documentary The Unknown Peter Sellers: Sellers himself has a cameo role as a small shop owner with his partner (played by Graham Stark), and both are homosexual. Sellers used the pseudonym "A. Queen" in the credits. ===Restoration=== The film spent two decades in a vault at Paramount in London and was restored in 1993 by its director and shown at the American Film Market. It had been lost due to a paperwork error. ===Home media=== The film is available on DVD in the U.S from Code Red DVD. It's available for streaming on Fandor. ==References== ==External links== * *https://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/36968/day-at-the-beach-1970-a/ Category:1970 films Category:1970 comedy-drama films Category:British comedy-drama films Category:1970s English-language films Category:Films about alcoholism Category:Films based on Dutch novels Category:Films set in Denmark Category:Films with screenplays by Roman Polanski Category:1970 directorial debut films Category:1970 comedy films Category:1970 drama films Category:1970s British films
1472039	A Cinderella Story (soundtrack)	A Cinderella Story is a soundtrack album to the 2004 film of the same name. It was released on July 13, 2004, by Hollywood Records. It includes 3 new songs by Hilary Duff including her single cover of "Our Lips Are Sealed" with her sister Haylie Duff. It also includes 2 of her previous released songs from her 2003 album Metamorphosis which are "Anywhere But Here" and the Target bonus track "Girl Can Rock". ==Singles== "Our Lips Are Sealed" was released as the only single from the soundtrack on June 5, 2004. As of July 27, 2014, the song had sold 161,000 copies in the United States. ==Critical response== Heather Phares of AllMusic gave a positive review of the soundtrack, awarding it three out of five stars. She praised Duff's songs, noting that they "display a little more edge and depth while still remaining appropriate for a teen pop singer like Duff and her audience," and added that they were complemented by the contributions from other artists. She claimed that Duff contributing to the majority of the album would "tide [her] fans over" before the release of her eponymous third album. Phares finalized her review stating, "A Cinderella Story is an admittedly lightweight but solidly entertaining soundtrack that delivers exactly what its audience wants from it." ==Track listing== Notes * signifies an executive producer * signifies a vocal producer and executive producer ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2004) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2004) Position US Billboard 200 172 US Soundtrack Albums (Billboard) 10 ==Certifications== ==Release history== Release dates and formats for A Cinderella Story Region Date Format Label Canada July 13, 2004 CD Universal United States Hollywood United Kingdom August 23, 2004 Warner Australia September 13, 2004 Festival Mushroom Archived copy Japan November 3, 2004 Avex Trax == References == Category:Hilary Duff albums Category:Albums produced by Chico Bennett Category:2004 soundtrack albums Category:Hollywood Records soundtracks Category:Romance film soundtracks Category:Comedy film soundtracks Category:A Cinderella Story (film series)
14782494	A Countess Below Stairs	A Countess Below Stairs is a 1981 British historical romance novel by Eva Ibbotson. It follows the story of Anna Grazinsky, a Russian countess, after World War I. It has also been published under the title The Secret Countess as a young adult novel.Fantastic Fiction ==Synopsis== Anna is a charming child who sees the good in everything and everyone: her cousin Sergei, her younger brother Petya, and all of her multiple governesses. She has lived her whole life being pampered and adored by her father, fussed over by the servants, and cosseted by her mother. However, she is forced to flee Russia after the Bolsheviks seize power and her father dies in The First World War. Forced to depend on the charity of her governess, Pinny, Anna takes a position as a housemaid at Mersham, home of Rupert Frayne, Earl of Westerholme. She keeps this a secret from her brother and cousin, telling her ailing mother she has been invited to stay at the country manor. The staff resent her employment, as they immediately realise she is nobly born. Despite their concerns, Anna proves herself hard-working and intelligent. As her fellow employees grow to love Anna, the Earl sends a message that he returning from service in the war. Having made a promise to his late older brother, Rupert is bringing home a rich fiancee to help fulfill Mersham's many debts. Upon meeting Anna, her grace and high spirits are obvious to him, and the two get along very well. When Muriel Hardwicke, Rupert's fiancee, arrives, everyone is first compelled to love her. Soon afterward, Mersham's inhabitants and neighbours see Muriel is a selfish, rude, vain, and nasty young woman, despite her flawless appearance. She is unfriendly to the staff, the dowager, the dog, and even to good family friends the Minna, and Viscount Byrne, bluntly insulting their daughter, the Honorable Olive, and her disability. Out of love and respect for Rupert, those Muriel offends suffer in silence, not wanting to ill-wish the Earl's bride. Learning of Muriel's deeds later, Rupert is angry and realises he did not ever truly love her, just as he falls in love with Anna. Nonetheless, he is a man of his word and will not jilt Muriel. Anna finds it harder to conceal her identity as a countess as she grows closer to Rupert. When he learns of her identity, he initially plans to dismiss her but relents when she becomes miserable. At a fancy-dress ball held in Muriel and Rupert's honour by the Byrnes, Anna is asked to serve drinks because of her Russian nationality, which would be helpful for Russian guests. A school friend of the youngest Byrne boy, Henry, turns out to be Anna's younger brother, Peter. Unknowing of Anna's employment as an under-housemaid, he introduces her to all present as Countess Grazinsky. For Peter's sake, her friends act as if she were always a guest. When Anna and Rupert share a dance, it becomes obvious that he is engaged to the wrong woman. Alone, they confess their affections but accept they have no future together. As Anna considers her feelings, she and her cousin, Prince Sergei Chirkovsky, confide in their problems and embrace. Rupert sees them, assumes they are eloping, and continues plans for the wedding. Upset, Cyril Proom, the butler, acquires a large sum of money and uses it to convince Melvyn and Myrtle Herring, first cousins of Rupert, to carry out a favour. The distasteful Herrings and their estranged teenaged sons show themselves to be insane genetic mutations to Dr. Lightbody, a good friend of Muriel who studies Eugenics. Upset, he stops the wedding, and the appalled Muriel elopes with Dr. Lightbody. In London, Anna receives word and her depression lifts. Days later, a letter arrives from Mersham claiming that she still owes five days of work to the house. It also assures her that the Earl is out of the country. Before leaving, the woman carrying her family's fortune arrives at long last and her family begins to catch up on their old life. Anna's first job involves serving at the table for a small dinner party. Walking into the room, she is surprised when Rupert is present, and raises his voice in her direction. She lets out a defiant, long-winded reply and bursts into tears. Rupert stands up to comfort her, much to the surprise of his guests. The couple is married the following summer. ==Characters== ===Anna Grazinsky=== Eighteen-year-old Anna is a charming, graceful young woman who grows up in Russia but is forced to flee her country during World War I. She is a very high born countess, but humble and not spoiled despite her doting parents and their riches. Her compassion is clear in her personality, as is her love for conversation and her natural determination. When her family arrives in England, penniless, she seeks work at Mersham behind her family's backs, trusting in her nanny and friend, Pinny. She quickly befriends and later falls in love with the young earl of Mersham, but conceals this as he is engaged to another woman. She gets along very well with the servants and occupants at Mersham, save for Muriel, the bride-to-be. She is described as having a slight figure and small bones, dark eyes with long and dark and attractive hair. Anna also has a habit of rolling the letter "r" very badly when she is upset, giving her away when she tries to conceal her emotions. ===Rupert Frayne, Earl of Mersham=== Rupert Frayne is the Earl of Mersham, named so when his older brother dies in the war. He is said to be more scholarly and less ambitious than his brother, making him better suited for the inheritance. He sees the details in things around him, and has a good heart. While sick during the war, he was attended by a nurse Muriel Hardwicke. By the end of his time there they are engaged, though Rupert later realises that he does not remember actually asking Muriel and assumed this was due to painkillers and sickness causing memory loss. He slowly realises that Muriel is after his title and falls in love with Anna, though he refuses to jilt Muriel. He loves his dog Baskerville and his mother, uncle Sebastian, and personally knows every one of Mersham's staff. ===Muriel Hardwicke=== Muriel Hardwicke is an orphan, engaged to Rupert after she tended to his injuries in the war. Though she is actually very rich (her father was a millionaire), she is above all a grocer's daughter after a noble title. She conceals her family from Rupert to keep her lies about her money and history a secret. Muriel is very interested in eugenics and represents this perfectly with her perfectly formed body and skills, which she is quite proud of. She is very afraid of marrying into a family with history of strange deviations or biological defects. This is why she runs away from Rupert in the end—his first cousins are paid to act like insane and malformed creatures, and she refuses to marry into a 'tainted' family. She is very proud and expects nothing but the best for herself, at any cost. ===Proom=== Mr. Proom is the devoted butler at Mersham. He treats every situation with calm and is responsible for all servants at his workplace. He is kind but firm in his ways. It is said that others don't envy Rupert for Mersham, but instead they envy him Proom. He once saved Susie Rabinovitch's life, and so her father Leo lends him money to have Muriel fooled and frightened away from Rupert. His bedridden, schizophrenic mother lives in a cottage on Mersham grounds. ===Mrs. Bassenthwaite=== Mrs. Bassenthwaite is Mersham's housekeeper. She is kind and does her job well, and also relatively close with the dowager. She is reluctant to hire Anna at first, seeing her nobility in her movement and speech, but does not regret it after seeing how hard Anna works. The housekeeper contracts appendicitis and while in the hospital, Muriel sees her chance to take control of Mersham and to make her own changes to the employee line-ups and actions. ===The Dowager=== Rupert's Mother's name, Mary, is seldom mentioned in the book. She left the running of Mersham to Proom and then Rupert after losing her husband and then her son within a year of each other. She is very close with Minna Byrne and strives to see the best in everybody. She is the ancient Sebastien's niece by marriage. ===Sebastien=== Sebastien lives in a corner of Mersham, alone with his music. He played when he was younger, but seldom does so in his old age. He is said to be old and rude and annoying before Anna first begins to serve him, but is particularly nice to her, even having her stay to chat and listen to records with him. Sebastien is said to have had an attraction to maidservants in uniforms since his youth, and gropes them and touches them when they bring him his meals but he leaves Anna alone, treating her instead like a daughter. ===The Byrnes=== Minna Byrne is Mary's best friend and beloved stepmother to 8-year-old Ollie and three lusty, red-headed sons—Tom, Geoffrey and Hugh. Ollie contracted tuberculosis of the hip at a very young age and has one leg shortened and on calipers—though she was born prematurely and has spent 3 or 4 years of her life in hospitals. Anyone speaking ill of her within 50 miles of Heslop (her home) or Mersham would be found lying face down in a ditch with a bloody nose. However, Muriel seems to escape this fate when she humiliates Ollie in front of the other bridesmaids at the dress fitting. Little Ollie is comforted when Anna takes her to the Russian Club, where she falls head over heels for Russian culture and from then on, she insists that she wants to be Russian. Her oldest brother Tom is Rupert's best man, a handsome heir to the viscount title, and in love with Susie Rabinovitch who finally agrees to marry him after possibly his 17th or 18th proposal. Geoffrey, the middle brother, was killed at Paschendale. Hugh is only 12 or 13 and goes to school with Anna's younger brother Petya (or Peter), who is a good friend of his. Viscount Byrne is reserved and enjoys hunting or camping, has little interest and running the household, and married Minna out of need for a lady to keep house—within a year of his wife's death. His sons instinctively dislike her and he does not love her at first, though unexpectedly all four grow completely devoted to her as she modestly runs the house, seeing its needs and disreputing wicked stepmothers from the beginning of time. ===Mersham Employees=== Louise is the head housemaid. Described as young, frizzy haired and short-tempered, she speaks bluntly but does her work well. Two under-housemaids are the giggly sisters Peggy and Pearl. Mrs. Park, the cook, is like a mother figure to the other employees who meet in the kitchens with her optimism, friendliness and culinary skills, though she feels she lacks in the latter. She is especially important to Win, a kitchen help who is stated to have an unspecified disability, though it is mentioned that part of it is the inability to speak. Elsewhere in the house, James is a short but muscly footman who has devotedly worked at Mersham since he was quite young and small. Sid is the second footman. ===Sergei=== Described as being tall and incredibly handsome, and a few years older than Anna, Sergei works as a chauffeur for one of Muriel's "friends". All five of the daughters of his employers are in love with him. Olive Byrne also develops a crush on him when he treats her like a princess at the Russian Club. Sergei is a prince in Russia, first cousin to the Tsar and also to Anna, whom he grew up with as a sister. He once saved Anna from drowning by pulling her up by her hair. He is incredibly kind, but a very minor character. When Anna finds him after she flees Muriel's ball, Rupert sees her crying on Sergei's shoulder and assumes that they plan to marry. ==See also== ==References== Category:1981 British novels Category:British historical novels Category:British romance novels Category:British young adult novels Category:Novels by Eva Ibbotson
14809790	A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk	A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk is a split album by American heavy metal bands Baroness and Unpersons.Relapse Records The artwork was done by Baroness frontman John Baizley.Scene Point Blank reviewJohn Baizley's Myspace page ==Background== The Baroness songs were recorded in December of 2005 and are the last to feature founding guitarist Tim Loose. Loose had already parted ways with the group, but rejoined his former bandmates in the studio to peform the songs. A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk features the final material released by Unpersons. ==Track listing== All Baroness songs written by Baroness, with lyrics by John Baizley. CD edition Vinyl edition ==Personnel== Baroness * John Baizley – vocals, guitar * Allen Blickle – drums * Tim Loose – guitar * Summer Welch – bass Unpersons * Carl McGinley – drums * Matt Maggioni – bass * Sanders Creasy – vocals, guitars * Judson Abbott – guitars ==References== ==External links== *Vinyl Pressing Info and Pictures Category:2007 albums Category:Split albums Category:Baroness (band) albums Category:Albums with cover art by John Dyer Baizley
14904422	A Good Business Deal	A Good Business Deal is a 1915 American short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason. ==Cast== * Joseph Galbraith * Jack Richardson * Vivian Rich ==External links== * Category:1915 films Category:1915 short films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by B. Reeves Eason Category:1910s American films
149791	A Double Life (1947 film)	A Double Life is a 1947 American film noir which tells the story of an actor whose mind becomes affected by the character he portrays. It stars Ronald Colman and Signe Hasso. It is directed by George Cukor, with screenplay by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin.. Ronald Colman won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in this film. ==Plot== Celebrated stage actor Anthony "Tony" John, riding high on the success of his current comedy "A Gentleman's Gentleman", is offered the lead in a new production of Shakespeare's Othello by theatrical producer Max Lasker. Lasker also wants Tony's ex-wife, Brita, to co-star as Desdemona. Tony initially declines the offer to the relief of director Victor Donlan, who knows that Tony becomes overly involved in his roles. Brita agrees with Donlan and warns press agent Bill Friend that although Tony's mood is delightful when appearing in a comedy, he is terrifying when appearing in a drama. She warns Friend that Tony becomes so immersed in roles, that they can take over his reality. Tony changes his mind after becoming obsessed with the idea of portraying Othello. Whilst contemplating the role, Tony meets waitress Pat Kroll at an Italian restaurant, and the two soon begin a casual affair. Brita reluctantly accepts the role of Desdemona and rehearsals begin. The production opens to rave reviews, but Tony gradually becomes absorbed in his role and begins to lose a grip on where the play ends and his real life begins. Tony sees jealousy as the key to his character. Just before the 300th performance of the play, Brita shows him a locket Bill gave her for her birthday and this sparks jealous rages within him. That night, during Othello's "kiss of death" scene with Desdemona, Tony becomes overcome with the role and nearly chokes Brita to death. When the play begins its second year, Tony asks Brita to remarry him, but she refuses. Tony suspects Brita is in love with Bill. Enraged, confused and delirious, Tony goes to Pat's apartment. The play and reality become conflated in his mind and he eventually kills Pat with Othello's "kiss of death." Tony returns to Brita's and falls asleep on her couch. The next day, reporter Al Cooley offers Bill front page publicity for Tony's play by pointing out the similarities between Pat's murder and Othello's "kiss of death." Tony is enraged when he sees the story, and physically attacks Bill. Bill suspects Tony is Pat's killer and goes to the police, only to find that Pat's drunken neighbor has been arrested for her murder. Tony demands Bill's dismissal, and Bill plans a short vacation. Bill tells Brita he loves her, but Brita does not return his feelings. However, Brita reveals to Bill that Tony left her home on the night of Pat's murder. Bill hires an actress to dress up like Pat, including wearing Pat's distinctive earrings, and plants her as a waitress in the restaurant where Pat had worked. Bill invites Tony to the restaurant, and with police captain Pete Bonner watching. Tony becomes distraught upon seeing Pat's "double" and rushes out of the restaurant. Suspicious now, Bill and the police follow Tony to the theater. Standing in the wings, they watch the performance and are seen there by Tony. At the climax of the performance of Othello that evening, a guilt-ridden Tony stabs himself to death with a real dagger - at the point Othello does within the play. Backstage, bleeding from his self-inflicted wound, he confesses all and dies. ==Cast== ==Production== The leading role had originally been slated for Laurence Olivier. Colman was initially anxious about doing Shakespeare on screen. To reassure him, Cukor told the actor that the film had been designed to get him a long-overdue Oscar (which he later won); Colman had been nominated three times before. Miklós Rózsa's music, for which he won his second Academy Award, mixes his own modern idiom with passages in the Venetian style of the sixteenth century. The composer later adopted the title Double Life for his 1982 memoir to signify the division in his career between absolute music and Hollywood film scores. ==Analysis== Julie Kirgo wrote that A Double Life is truly a picture of opposing forces, mirror images, and deadly doubles: "Anthony John is at war with Othello, the elegant world of the theater is opposed to the squalid existence of Shelley Winters' Pat Kroll, and illusion versus reality are all conveyed in opposing lights and darks of Krasner's luminous photography."Silver, Alain, and Elizabeth Ward, eds. Film Noir: An Encyclopedic Reference to the American Style, film noir analysis by Julie Kirgo, page 95, 3rd edition, 1992. Woodstock, New York: The Overlook Press. . Adam Lounsbery wrote that "there are many things about A Double Life that don't exactly place it in the category of film noir, but the look of the film is pure noir. It's full of shadows, dramatic lighting effects, city streets at night, and cramped, dark rooms. There's a mounting sense of dread running through the film, and Krasner's cinematography is largely responsible for it." ==Reception== ===Critical response=== When the film was released, The New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther wrote, "We have it on the very good authority of Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin, who should know—they being not only actors and playwrights but wife and spouse—that what seems a fairly safe profession, acting, is as dangerous as they come and love between people of the theatre is an adventure fraught with infinite perils. Especially is it risky when an actor takes his work seriously and goes in for playing "Othello." Then handkerchiefs and daggers rule his mind. At least, that is what is demonstrated in a rich, exciting, melodramatic way in the Kanins' own plushy production...George Cukor, in his direction, amply proves that he knows the theatre, its sights and sounds and brittle people."Crowther, Bosley. The New York Times, film review, February 20, 1948. Last accessed: March 29, 2008. Critic Jerry Renshaw wrote, "A Double Life is an unusually intelligent, literate noir that is a classy departure from the pulpy "B" atmospherics often associated with the genre. Keep an eye out for Paddy Chayefsky and John Derek in minuscule bit parts."Renshaw, John. Austin Chronicle, film review, February 23, 1999. Last accessed: March 29, 2008. ===Accolades=== Award Category Nominee(s) Result Ref. Academy Awards Best Director George Cukor Best Actor Ronald Colman Best Original Screenplay Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin Best Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture Miklós Rózsa Golden Globe Awards Best Actor in a Leading Role Ronald Colman Venice International Film Festival Grand International Prize of Venice George Cukor ====Others==== The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists: * 2005: AFI's 100 Years of Film Scores – Nominated ==See also== * Carnival (1921) * Carnival (1931) ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:1947 films Category:1947 drama films Category:American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Film noir Category:Films about actors Category:Films based on Othello Category:Films featuring a Best Actor Academy Award-winning performance Category:Films featuring a Best Drama Actor Golden Globe winning performance Category:Films that won the Best Original Score Academy Award Category:Films directed by George Cukor Category:Films scored by Miklós Rózsa Category:Blackface minstrel shows and films Category:Universal Pictures films Category:1940s American films Category:1940s English-language films Category:Films with screenplays by Ruth Gordon Category:Films with screenplays by Garson Kanin
14994019	A Fine, Windy Day	A Fine, Windy Day () is a 1980 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Jang-ho. ==Plot== The lives of three young working-class male friends are followed in the film. Chun-shik works at a barbershop where he is in love with Miss Yu, a co-worker. Gil-nam, a hotel worker, is in love with Jin-ok, who works at a hair salon. Duk-bae, the most innocent of the trio, works at a Chinese restaurant and is torn between his affections for a factory-worker and Myung-hi, a wealthy girl. Together over drinks, the three young men talk over their lives and their aimless thoughts about the future. At the end of the film they are separated when Chun-shik is arrested for assault, and Gil-nam leaves to begin his military service. ==Cast== * Lee Yeong-ho... Chun-shik (barbershop worker) * Ahn Sung-ki... Duk-bae (Chinese restaurant worker) * Kim Seong-chan... Gil-nam (hotel worker) * Im Ye-jin... Choon-soon (Chun-shik's younger sister) * Kim Bo-yeon... Miss Yu (barbershop worker) * Yu Ji-in... * Choi Bool-am... Kim He-jang * Kim Hee-ra... Female Chinese restaurant worker * Park Won-sook... Female Chinese restaurant owner * Kim In-moon... Man at the outdoor food stand * Kim Young-ae... Woman at the outdoor food stand ==Awards== ;Grand Bell Awards (1980)Awards based on * Best Director: Lee Jang-ho * Best New Actor: Ahn Sung-ki * Best Screen Adaptation ;Baeksang Arts Awards (1981) * Grand Award: Lee Jang-ho * Best Production: Lee Woo-suk * Best Performance by a New Actor: Kim Seong-chan ==Notes== ==Bibliography== * * * Category:1980 films Category:1980s Korean-language films Category:South Korean drama films Category:Films directed by Lee Jang-ho category:Grand Prize Paeksang Arts Award (Film) winners Category:1980 drama films
15081420	A Gamblin' Fool	A Gamblin' Fool is a 1920 American short silent Western film released by Universal Film Mfg. Co. (later to become Universal Pictures), written by Ford Beebe, directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson. ==Cast== * Hoot Gibson * Dorothy Wood * Jim Corey * Harry Jackson * Chick Morrison ==See also== * Hoot Gibson filmography ==External links== * Category:1920 films Category:1920 short films Category:American silent short films Category:1920 Western (genre) films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Leo D. Maloney Category:Silent American Western (genre) films Category:1920s American films Category:1920s English-language films
15100596	A Farewell to Arms (1957 film)	A Farewell to Arms is a 1957 American drama film directed by Charles Vidor. The screenplay by Ben Hecht, based in part on a 1930 play by Laurence Stallings, was the second feature film adaptation of Ernest Hemingway's 1929 semi-autobiographical novel of the same name. It was the last film produced by David O. Selznick. An earlier film version starred Gary Cooper and Helen Hayes. ==Plot== Frederick Henry (Rock Hudson) is an American officer serving in an ambulance unit for the Italian Army during World War I. While recovering from a wound in a British base hospital in northern Italy, he is cared for by Catherine Barkley (Jennifer Jones), a Queen Alexandra's Royal Army Nursing Corps nurse he had met earlier, near the front, and they engage in an affair. Frederick's friend, the doctor, convinces the army that Frederick's knee is more severely wounded than it actually is and the two continue their romance but never get married. Catherine discovers she is pregnant but after sneaking alcohol into the hospital for Frederick, the head nurse Miss Van Campen (Mercedes McCambridge) discovers the duplicity and separates them. She informs Frederick's superiors that he has fully recovered from his wounds and is ready for active duty. During their separation, Catherine comes to believe Frederick has abandoned her. Following the Battle of Caporetto, Frederick and his close friend Major Alessandro Rinaldi (Vittorio De Sica) are among the dispirited and retreating Italian army. Along the path or the retreat, several people die or are left behind due to exhaustion. Raving with illness, exhaustion and depression, Major Rinaldi professes defeatism with the pair arrested by the Carabinieri. A drumhead court-martial sentences Rinaldi to execution by firing squad that is immediately carried out. After Frederick tries to argue in defense of Rinaldi and makes the Italian salute incorrectly (as is his habit), the court-martial judge becomes suspicious that Frederick is also an infiltrator; he knocks out the kerosene lamps and flees, jumping into the river. Wanted by the Italian authorities, Frederick evades capture and meets up with Catherine. They flee Milan to hide out on a lake on the Italian-Swiss border (Lake Lugano or Lake Maggiore). Fearing arrest by the police, Catherine persuades Frederick to flee to Switzerland by rowboat; after some adventures, they land successfully in Switzerland. Claiming to be tourists trying to evade the war, the two are allowed to remain in neutral Switzerland. Catherine's pregnancy progresses and all appears well, but when the time comes for her to deliver the baby, the labor is protracted and ultimately a Cesarean section is necessary. Their child is stillborn, and Catherine dies shortly afterward of a hemorrhage. Frederick leaves, shocked, and wanders the empty streets. ==Cast== * Rock Hudson as Frederick Henry * Jennifer Jones as Catherine Barkley * Vittorio De Sica as Major Alessandro Rinaldi * Oskar Homolka as Dr. Emerich * Mercedes McCambridge as Miss Van Campen * Elaine Stritch as Helen Ferguson * Kurt Kasznar as Bonello * Victor Francen as Colonel Valentini * Franco Interlenghi as Aymo * Leopoldo Trieste as Passini * José Nieto as Major Stampi (as Jose Nieto) * Georges Bréhat as Captain Bassi (as Georges Brehat) * Johanna Hofer as Mrs. Zimmerman * Eduard Linkers as Lieutenant Zimmerman * Eva Kotthaus as Delivery Room Nurse * Alberto Sordi as Father Galli * Joan Shawlee as Blonde Nurse ==Production== For many years, David O. Selznick had wanted to film the Hemingway novel, but Warner Bros. owned the property and refused to sell it to him. He found himself in an advantageous bargaining position when Warner Bros. bought the remake rights to A Star is Born, to which he owned the foreign rights. Without them, the studio could not release their intended remake with Judy Garland overseas. Selznick offered to relinquish his rights to Star in exchange for the rights to Farewell, and Warner Bros. agreed.Memo from David O. Selznick, selected and edited by Rudy Behlmer, The Viking Press, 1972, pg. 441 It was to be Selznick's first film in four years. On October 25, 1956, Selznick contacted director John Huston at the Blue Haven Hotel in Tobago and enthusiastically welcomed him to the project. He advised him his contract with 20th Century Fox called for severe financial penalties if the film went over schedule and/or budget, and urged him to concentrate wholly on the film until principal filming was completed.Memo from David O. Selznick, pp. 442-443 Selznick's concerns increased as Huston began to tinker with the script and spend an inordinate amount of time on pre-production preparations, and on March 19, 1957, he sent the director a lengthy memo outlining the problems he foresaw arising from Huston's lack of cooperation.Memo from David O. Selznick, pp. 446-452 Two days later, Huston announced he could not agree with Selznick on any of the issues he had raised and quit the project. Based on correspondence to Charles Vidor, it appears the producer's relationship with Huston's replacement was acrimonious as well.Memo from David O. Selznick, pp. 453-462 The producer later said the film was "not one of the jobs of which I am most proud."Memo from David O. Selznick, pg. 441 During the course of production, Selznick sent over 10,000 memos. The film was shot on location in the Italian Alps, Venzone in the Province of Udine in the region of Friuli- Venezia Giulia, Lazio, and Rome. It was budgeted at $4,100,000, $4.2 million or $4,353,000. Selznick's wife Jennifer Jones was cast in the lead role. According to Carlos Baker's 1969 biography Ernest Hemingway: A Life Story, the Nobel Laureate was informed by Selznick that he would receive a $50,000 bonus from any profits the movie made. Unhappy at Selznick's nepotistic decision to cast his nearly 40-year-old wife as a character intended to be in her early 20s, he wrote back "If, by some chance your movie, which features the 38-year- old Mrs. Selznick as 24-year-old Catherine Barkley, does succeed in earning $50,000, I suggest that you take all of that money down to the local bank, have it converted to nickels, and then shove them up your ass until they come out your mouth.". A. E. Hotchner also refer this anecdote in his 2018 book Papa Hemingway: A Personal Memoir. ==Release== The film had its premiere at Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on December 18, 1957. It also opened at 7 other Los Angeles theaters and 44 theaters throughout California before expanding in 1958. ==Reception== ===Critical response=== Hemingway's intuition proved correct as A Farewell To Arms opened to low box office receipts and harsh negative reviews after it premiered in 1957. The film would be forgotten by the moviegoing public as an epic in later years. In his review in The New York Times, Bosley Crowther noted, "Mr. Selznick's picture . . . lacks that all-important awareness of the inescapable presence and pressure of war. That key support to the structure of the theme has been largely removed by Ben Hecht's script and by a clear elimination of subtle thematic overtones . . . [it] is a tedious account of a love affair between two persons who are strangely insistent upon keeping it informal . . . as a pure romance . . . it has shortcomings. The essential excitement of a violent love is strangely missing in the studied performances that Rock Hudson and Jennifer Jones give in the leading roles. Mr. Hudson is most noticeably unbending, as if he were cautious and shy, but Miss Jones plays the famous Catherine Barkley with bewildering nervous moves and grimaces. The show of devotion between two people is intensely acted, not realized. It is questionable, indeed, whether Mr. Hudson and Miss Jones have the right personalities for these roles." The New York Herald Tribune was vitriolic in its review of the film. TV Guide calls it "an overblown Hollywood extravaganza that . . . hasn't improved with age . . . the chief virtue of this hollow epic is the stupendous color photography of the Italian Alps . . . also enjoyable is Vittorio De Sica's inspired performance as the wily Maj. Rinaldi, but it's not enough to offset the flagrant overacting by Jones and the woodenness of Hudson." Time Out New York describes it as an "inflated remake" with "surplus production values and spectacle" and adds, "A padded Ben Hecht script and Selznick's invariable tendency to overkill are equally to blame." In his review of the DVD release, Jeremiah Kipp of Slant Magazine awarded the film two out of a possible five stars and stated, "To those willing to endure A Farewell To Arms: Don't be a hero! . . . We have David O. Selznick to blame for this bloated two-hour-plus Technicolor remake, announcing from the larger-than-life opening credits set against epic shots of sunsets, mountains, and valleys that he's aiming for another Gone with the Wind . . . without compelling lovers at the heart of his grand-scale love story, it's all just a meaningless protracted spectacle." After this film, David O. Selznick left the movies completely, producing no other films. ===Box office=== The movie grossed $87,000 in its opening week in Los Angeles from 8 theaters. It earned an estimated $5 million in theatrical rentals in the United States and Canada and by the end of 1958 had made worldwide rentals of $6.9 million. Fox made some money on the movie but Selznick did not recover his costs. ===Awards and nominations=== Vittorio De Sica was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor but lost to Red Buttons for Sayonara. ==See also== * List of American films of 1957 ==References== ==Further reading== * Tibbetts, John C., and James M. Welsh, eds. The Encyclopedia of Novels Into Film (2nd ed. 2005) pp 124–126. ==External links== * * * * * * Category:1957 films Category:1957 romantic drama films Category:American romantic drama films Category:1950s English- language films Category:War romance films Category:World War I films set on the Italian Front Category:Films based on works by Ernest Hemingway Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films set in Italy Category:20th Century Fox films Category:Films directed by Charles Vidor Category:Films produced by David O. Selznick Category:Films with screenplays by Ben Hecht Category:Films scored by Mario Nascimbene Category:CinemaScope films Category:1950s American films
1510528	A Fire Inside EP	A Fire Inside EP is an extended play by American rock band AFI. It was released on September 29, 1998, through Adeline Records. The EP is titled after the band's full moniker, first revealed with their previous album, Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes. The release includes two original songs and two covers. It is the first release to mention Hunter Burgan as a permanent member, and the last to feature founding guitarist Mark Stopholese. The font on the cover is similar to one frequently used by Alkaline Trio. Behind the CD tray is the message "Nothing can erase the damage done". In November 2010, Adeline Records released a special-edition pressing on purple vinyl, limited to 500 copies. == Track listing == == Personnel == Credits adapted from liner notes. * AFI – producer * Joe Brook – band photos * Hunter Burgan – bass * Adam Carson – drums * Andy Earnst – recording, mixing * Tedd Francis – lyric art * Davey Havok – vocals * John Joh – re-design * Markus Stopholese – guitar * Luke Ogden – fire photo * Jamie Reilly – layout * Jim Thiebaud – layout ;Studios * Recorded at The Art of Ears, Hayward, CA * Mastered at Oceanview Digital Mastering, LA, CA ==References== Category:1998 EPs Category:AFI (band) EPs Category:Adeline Records EPs
15170076	A Gentle Breeze in the Village	A Gentle Breeze in the Village, also known as , is a Japanese slice of life manga series written and illustrated by Fusako Kuramochi. It was serialized in the magazine Chorus from 1994 to 2000. The manga won the 20th Kodansha Manga Award in 1996. It was made into a movie in 2007, directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita and starring Kaho. It was released on July 24, 2007. ==Plot summary== One of six students in a combined primary and junior high school, Soyo Migita (Kaho) is the most senior pupil. For her, school is a joyful experience with an extended family of loving little brothers and sisters, but her days as the tallest and oldest student are soon to be over. Hiromi Osawa (Masaki Okada), a cool boy from Tokyo, arrives in the village. Attracted to him, Soyo tries to ignore the feelings that begin to occupy her heart and mind. However, she soon surrenders to her passion and learns to act upon her newfound emotions. ==Main characters== ; ; :A boy who came from Tokyo and became Soyo's first classmate. He later becomes her boyfriend. He has a very good sense of fashion. ; :One grade younger than Soyo and her best friend. She wants to be a manga illustrator. She uses Hiromi as a model for the male character in her story. ; :One grade younger than Soyo and her best friend. His house is a store. ; :Mother of Soyo. ==Film== The film was shown at the 2007 Toronto International Film Festival during the Contemporary World Cinema programme. It was later shown at the 28th Yokohama Film Festival. Tennen Kokekkō was ranked as the 2007 Asahi Best Ten Film Festival Number 1, 2007 Japan Movie Best Ten Number 2, and as the 2007 Yokohama Film Festival Japan Movie Best Ten Number 2. Kaho has won two new actress awards from this film, including the Best New Actress award. ===Cast=== *Kaho as Soyo Migita *Masaki Okada as Hiromi Osawa *Erisa Yanagi as Ibuki Taura *Shoko Fujimura as Atsuko Yamabe *Yui Natsukawa as Itoko Migita *Kōichi Satō as Atsuko's Father ===Staff=== *Director: Nobuhiro Yamashita *Filming: Tatsuto Kondō *Music: Rei Harakami *Theme song: "Kotoba wa Sankaku Kokoro wa Shikaku" by Kururi ===Filming location=== *Shimane Prefecture ==References== ==External links== *Official Live-action film Site * * Category:1994 manga Category:2007 films Category:Live-action films based on manga Category:Films directed by Nobuhiro Yamashita Category:Films set in Shimane Prefecture Category:2000s Japanese films Category:2000s Japanese-language films Category:Winner of Kodansha Manga Award (Shōjo) Category:Manga adapted into films Category:Romance anime and manga Category:Shōjo manga Category:Shueisha franchises Category:Shueisha manga Category:Slice of life anime and manga
15287294	A Day at the Zoo	A Day at the Zoo is a 1939 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon supervised by Tex Avery. The short was produced in 1938 and released on March 11, 1939 and features an early version of Elmer Fudd. ==Plot== This is one of the cartoons that Warner Bros. would occasionally produce in the late 1930s and early 1940s that was centered around a series of gags, usually based on outrageous stereotypes, plays on words, and topical references, as a narrator describes the action in a rapid-fire succession of anthropomorphic behavior, pun gags, or any combination thereof. In this cartoon, the unifying thread is a visit to the zoo and the various animals therein: a wolf in his natural habitat (standing next to a door, a play on the phrase "wolves at the door"), a pack of camels (smoking Camels), a North American Greyhound (the bus line, not the dog breed), "two bucks..." (white-tailed deer) "...and five (s)cents" (five skunks), two friendly Elks, monkeys who toss peanuts to their spectators, a baboon that convinces the zookeeper to switch the baboon's place with a similar-looking human onlooker, a monkey that scolds an old lady for defying the order not to feed the monkeys, a groundhog (and his separately housed shadow), another skunk gag in which the skunk (with its onlookers in a circle a considerable distance away) is seen reading How to Win Friends and Influence People, a giraffe that is fed its meal of corn by way of a ladder, white rabbits that "multiply" via adding machines, an owl (and the predictable "hoo/Who" gag), a "South African talking parrot" that eschews crackers for "a short beer," an "Alcatraz jailbird" who insists he is innocent alongside a stool pigeon that insists the jailbird is guilty, an ostrich laying a large egg that, when she stumbles after tripping over a bucket, cracks and reveals a box of a dozen chicken eggs, an elephant new to the zoo without his trunk because it got lost in luggage on the way there, pink elephants left over from last year's New Year party, two panthers pacing their cage repeating the words bread and butter to each other, a former circus performer reading a newspaper who, it is revealed, used to "thrill audiences" by putting his head into a lion's mouth (as he puts the newspaper down and walks off, it is clear that a lion bit off his head), and a Rocky Mountain wildcat, gone wild because he had won a sweepstakes on "bank night" (a lottery game franchise that ran during the Depression years); but he had not been present when his name was drawn and therefore could not claim the prize. The running gag in this cartoon involves an early prototype of Elmer Fudd, who is repeatedly seen taunting a lion in its cage. The narrator repeatedly warns him to stop; each time this occurs Elmer shies away and admits (in a Lou Costello impersonation) "I'm a ba-a-ad boy", but he always returns to his taunting. In the end, the lion is seen at peace; when the narrator presumes Elmer learned to leave the lion alone, the lion shakes his head in disagreement, opening his mouth to reveal his tormentor swallowed whole. ==Notes== *A remake/sequel, Who's Who in the Zoo, would follow in 1942, with Porky Pig as the zookeeper. *The final scene in this cartoon would be alluded to a decade later in Hare Do, in which Elmer Fudd (who evolved from his first earliest derby hatted and squinty-eyed Prototype) is swallowed up by a lion as part of the closing gag. Prototype- Elmer's next cartoon, Believe It or Else, is a parody of Ripley's Believe It or Not! *Through eBay auctions in 2007, the original titles have been found for the cartoon, but it is unknown if they have been acquired for future video releases. *This cartoon's 28-year copyright period in the United States expired in 1967 due to United Artists, the copyright owners to the pre-1948 cartoons at the time, failing to renew the copyright in time. ==See also== * Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies filmography (1929–1939) * List of films in the public domain in the United States ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1939 films Category:1939 animated films Category:1939 comedy films Category:Films about monkeys Category:Animated films about elephants Category:Animated films about lions Category:Animated films about wolves Category:Animated films about birds Category:Films set in zoos Category:Films directed by Tex Avery Category:Elmer Fudd films Category:Merrie Melodies short films Category:Articles containing video clips Category:Films scored by Carl Stalling Category:1930s Warner Bros. animated short films Category:1930s English-language films
15433209	A Distant Trumpet	A Distant Trumpet is a 1964 American Western film, the last directed by Raoul Walsh. It stars Troy Donahue, Suzanne Pleshette and Diane McBain. The screenplay by John Twist, Albert Beich and Richard Fielder is based on the 1960 novel of the same name by Paul Horgan. ==Plot== In 1883, U.S. Army Cavalry 2nd Lieutenant Matthew Hazard, newly graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York (on the Hudson River), is assigned to isolated Fort Delivery on the Mexican border of the Arizona Territory in the early 1880s, where he meets 1st Lieutenant Teddy Mainwarring's wife Kitty, whom he later rescues from an Indian attack. Major General Alexander Quaint, (James Gregory), arrives at Fort Delivery to conduct an official inquiry into illegal and prejudicial actions and activities resulting in abuse of persons and destruction and theft of properties perpetuated or authorized by elements of the fort's Command. After the inquiry, General Quaint apologizes to the officers of Fort Delivery for the mock inquiry and proceeds to present his plan to capture Chiricahua Apache chief "War Eagle". When his efforts to capture Chiricahua Apache chief "War Eagle" fail, he sends Lt. Hazard into northern Mexico to meet the Indian chief to convince him to surrender. After a long arduous trip south across the border in desolate deserts and buttes, canyons with dry ravines, and gulches, Lt. Hazard meets War Eagle and asks him to surrender and return with him on the promise that the Indians will be provided a safe haven at a reservation near their ancient tribal homeland in Arizona. En route back to the fort, they encounter a Major Miller, an officer who rose from the ranks, who was sent out to meet the surrendering Indian party and take them into custody as prisoners to be sent instead to exile in Florida. Lt. Hazard was ordered to report to the Secretary of War in Washington, D.C. At the office of the Secretary of War, Lt. Hazard was presented the Congressional Medal of Honor. Lt. Hazard took this opportunity, to ask the Secretary of War to reverse their decision to send the Chiricahua Apache Indians to Florida and instead implement the promises he made to the Indians that they will be sent to a reservation in Arizona. When the Secretary of War refused Lt. Hazard's request, the latter in front of an assembly of press and family, makes a bold declaration about how the Indians have been betrayed by the United States Army and returned his Medal of Honor and gave his verbal resignation from the Army. General Quaint also took this occasion to hand in his resignation as a show of solidarity with the protest of Lt. Hazard. Gen. Quaint continued in trying to convince the Secretary of War to reverse their decision and allow Lt. Hazard to keep his word to War Eagle. Since the Secretary of War would not budge and instead called by telephone the President of the United States of America, (Chester A. Arthur) to consult, Gen. Quaint took this opportunity to talk with the President to warn him that there would be trouble with the Indians if the decision of the War Department was not reversed. The President overruled the Secretary of War and ordered the release of the Indian prisoners. Lt. Hazard was promoted to Captain and assigned as the new commanding officer of Fort Delivery. Capt. Hazard and Kitty, the widow of Lt. Teddy Mainwarring were married. ==Cast== * Troy Donahue as 2nd Lt. Matthew Hazard, U.S.A. * Suzanne Pleshette as Kitty Mainwarring * William Reynolds as 1st Lt. Teddy Mainwarring, U.S.A. * James Gregory as Maj. Gen. Alexander Quaint, U.S.A. * Diane McBain as Laura Frelief * Claude Akins as Seely Jones – Traveling merchant offering wagon load of prostitutes, dance hall girls and selling liquor to isolated military posts. * Kent Smith as the U.S. Secretary of War (in the Arthur administration) * Bartlett Robinson as Maj. Hiram Prescott * Lane Bradford as Maj. Miller * Judson Pratt as Capt. Cedric Gray, MD * Russell Johnson as Capt. Brinker * Richard X. Slattery as 1st Sgt. Fry * Larry Ward as Sgt. Kroger * Bobby Bare as Pvt. Cranshaw ==Original novel== The film was based on a 629-page novel, published in 1960, which was based on extensive historical research. The New York Times called it "the finest novel yet on the Southwest in its settling." Another reviewer for the same paper called it a "first rate historical novel." ==Production== Warners bought the film rights and announced they would make the film in 1960 with James Woolf and Jack Clayton as producer and director, Laurence Harvey as star, and Alan Le May to do the script. It would be made for Challet Productions, Harvey's production company. Burt Kennedy wrote a draft of the script; he was under contract to Warners at the time and called the novel "wonderful". Then Clayton was replaced by Leslie H. Martinson. Eventually, the film was set up with an entirely new producer, director and writer. Significant changes were made from Horgan's novel in reversing the character traits of the female leads, making Kitty Mainwarring the object of Hazard's affections and Laura the negative personality; and altering the narrative's climax (and history), by reversing the fate of the Apaches from their historic removal to Florida and restoring the male protagonists to full duty, thereby negating Hazard's point-of-honor refusal of the congressional Medal of Honor and resignation from the Army, which was the basis for the entire storyline. Shooting took place in September 1963. Location filming occurred in Flagstaff, Arizona and Gallup, New Mexico.Nat Segaloff, Final Cuts: The Last Films of 50 Great Directors, Bear Manor Media 2013 pp. 299–301 ==Critical reception== In his review in The New York Times, Bosley Crowther called the film: > A deadly bore...so dull you even lose interest in watching the horses and > the stunt men doing their stuff...Seldom has there been a Western picture on > which so much money was spent...from which so little excitement, energy or > colorfulness exudes. It's as though Mr. Walsh and everybody were bitten by > tsetse flies and went through the business of shooting the picture in a > state of drowsiness."The New York Times review Variety said: > The stunning location terrain of the Red Rocks area of New Mexico and > Arizona's Painted Desert gives the production a tremendous pictorial lift. > Max Steiner's score is a driving dramatic force but the use of the main > theme seems a trifle excessive. The picture would benefit from a lot more > pruning by editor David Wages. Time Out New York feels that despite "an average script and a colourless lead performance from Donahue" the film "[emerges] as a majestically simple, sweeping cavalry Western, a little reminiscent of Ford in mood and manner. Brilliantly shot by William Clothier, it tends to have its cake and eat it by indulging in a spectacular massacre before introducing the liberal message, but still goes further than most in according respect to the Indian by letting him speak his own language (with subtitles)." Peter Bogdanovich called the film: > One of Walsh's weakest pictures, caused mainly by an intolerably bad cast > and a predictable script. Whenever the director is allowed to linger on > shots of horses and riders, Indians and cavalry, and on their battles, he > shows his vitality, personality and strength. Otherwise, his efforts are > hopeless against the talentless players and the hopeless words they are > required to speak."The Raoul Walsh File – Part 4 Blogs by Peter Bogdanovich > Indiewire August 28, 2013 accessed 13 April 2014 ==See also== * List of American films of 1964 ==References== ==External links== * A Distant Trumpet at the Internet Movie Database * A Distant Trumpet at Turner Classic Movies * * Category:1964 films Category:American Western (genre) films Category:1964 Western (genre) films Category:Films set in 1883 Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films based on Western (genre) novels Category:1960s English-language films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:Films scored by Max Steiner Category:Films directed by Raoul Walsh Category:Western (genre) cavalry films Category:Films set in Arizona Category:Films set in Mexico Category:1960s American films
15453009	A Devilish Homicide	A Devilish Homicide () is a 1965 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Yong-min. It tells the story of a woman, who, having been murdered by her jealous cousin and mother-in-law, returns as a spirit to take vengeance on her killers. The film's English title is sometimes given as A Devilish Murder or A Bloodthirsty Killer. It was released on DVD in 2007. ==Plot== Family man Lee Shi-mak arrives at an art exhibition only to find the building empty, and is shocked to find a portrait of his ex-wife, Ae-ja, whom he has not seen for ten years. Shi-mak takes a taxi home, but is taken against his will to a house in the countryside. There he meets an artist, Park Joon-chul, who gives him the portrait of Ae-ja and pleads with him to take it and leave. At the stroke of midnight he becomes hysterical and hides Shi-mak under the bed, who watches as a woman stabs the artist in the back. After she has gone, Shi-mak flees with the painting, only to find the unconscious body of Ae-ja, looking as she did ten years earlier. He takes her to his friend Dr. Park, who, perplexed by her condition, doubts that she is alive. While Shi-mak is out of the room, Ae-ja awakes and kills the doctor before vanishing again. After he returns home with the painting, Shi-mak's family continue to be troubled by strange occurrences. As his mother returns home from the temple, she is attacked by Ae-ja, and, after a struggle, she falls into the river and is swept away. At the house, Shi-mak's wife, Hye-sook, is powerless to stop Ae-ja from disappearing with their eldest daughter. Shi-mak's mother then returns home apparently unhurt, though she acts oddly, showing fear at the sight of the rosary and licking the children like a cat. Later, a strange woman arrives at the house claiming to be the new housemaid, and soon after the other two children disappear. The next day, Shi-mak follows his wife to an abandoned temple, where she is killed by Ae-ja. He is prevented from saving her by the housemaid, who tells him that he has a greater hardship ahead of him. She gives him a globe, asking him to return it when he no longer needs it. Shi-mak returns home to his mother, but when he notices in a mirror that her reflection is that of a cat's, she reveals her true nature as a spirit and attacks him. He stops her attack with the housemaid's orb, and she dies. Distraught, Shi-mak takes the portrait and smashes it on the floor, discovering a diary that was concealed in the frame. Reading it, he finds a confession made by the artist Joon-chul, telling of the plot made ten years ago to kill Ae-ja. At that time, Shi-mak and Ae-ja had been a happily married couple. Hye-sook, jealous of the couple and resentful of her position as the family's maid, conspired with Shi-mak's mother, who despised her daughter-in-law for her inability to bear children. Enlisting the help of Joon-chul and Dr. Park, they convinced Shi-mak that his wife was having an affair, and poisoned Ae-ja. As she lay dying with only a cat for company, Ae-ja swore vengeance on those that had killed her. Years later, Joon-chul was enslaved by Ae-ja's spirit, who commanded him to create the cursed portrait as a means of taking her revenge. Though saddened by this news, Shi-mak is relieved to hear the voices of his children. Noticing that the third eye is missing from the Buddha statue in the garden, he replaces it with the orb in his pocket and at once the three children reappear. Realising that the housekeeper was a guardian angel sent to protect his family, Shi-mak gives his thanks to Buddha and prays for Ae-ja's soul. == Cast == * Lee Ye- chun ... Lee Shi-mak * Do Kum-bong ... Ae-ja * Jeong Ae-ran * Lee Bin-hwa * Namgoong Won * Ju Seok-yang * Gang Mun * Jo Seok-geun * Ra Jeong-ok * Lee Up- dong * Kim Hwak-sil * Choe Jeong-ae * Chu Seok-yang * Im Yun-hui * Han Jae- gyeong == Release and critical response == A Devilish Homicide was produced by Jeil Films, and was originally released on August 12, 1965."A Bloodthirsty Killer ( Sal-inma )(1965)", KMDb. Retrieved on July 31, 2008. It was a late addition to the lineup of the 7th Puchon International Fantastic Film Festival (2003), and was described by Midnight Eye correspondent Jasper Sharp as "a delirious B-movie shocker".Jasper Sharp, "PiFan 2003 Report", Midnight Eye, August 4, 2003. Retrieved on July 31, 2008. In 2007, A Devilish Homicide was released on DVD by CineLine Korea. In a review for BeyondHollywood.com, James Mudge noted that the film shared many of the themes and motifs of more recent Korean horror films, blending folklore with then-current concerns, in this case fears over the changing role of the traditional family unit. He commented, "Lee’s direction has at times an almost expressionistic feel, with exaggerated camera angles and weird set design working well to keep the viewer on edge and to give the film a surreal look... The murky black and white photography, along with some good suggestive use of shadows gives the proceedings a nightmarish,gothic air". He also considered the special effects to be "fairly accomplished for the time", and regarded the film as "far more than just a curiosity piece".James Mudge, "A Devilish Homicide (1965) Movie Review" , BeyondHollywood.com, May 29, 2007. Retrieved on July 31, 2008. The Korean Film Archive offered free viewing of A Devilish Homicide on its website in July 2008Lee Eun-joo, "Creepy days ahead online as cult horror classics arise from the vault", JoongAngDaily, July 2, 2008. Retrieved on July 31, 2008. and on YouTube since December 2, 2015. == References == == External links == * * * * * Category:1965 films Category:1965 horror films Category:South Korean black-and-white films Category:South Korean horror films Category:1960s Korean-language films Category:Films about cats
1547687	A Date with Judy	A Date with Judy is a comedy radio series aimed at a teenage audience which ran from 1941 to 1950. The series was co-created by Jerome Lawrence and Aleen Leslie, and based on Leslie's “One Girl Chorus” column in the Pittsburgh Press. Lawrence left the show in 1943. The show began as a summer replacement for Bob Hope's show, sponsored by Pepsodent and airing on NBC from June 24 to September 16, 1941, with 14-year-old Ann Gillis in the title role. Mercedes McCambridge played Judy's girl friend. Dellie Ellis (later known as Joan Lorring) portrayed Judy Foster when the series returned the next summer (June 23 – September 15, 1942). Louise Erickson, then 15, took over the role the following summer (June 30 – September 22, 1943) when the series, with Bristol Myers as its new sponsor, replaced The Eddie Cantor Show for the summer. Louise Erickson continued in the role of Judy over the next seven years as the series, sponsored by Tums, aired from January 18, 1944, to January 4, 1949. Ford Motors and Revere Cameras were the sponsors for the final season of the radio series on ABC from October 13, 1949, to May 4, 1950. Richard Crenna costarred on the series. The series was so popular CBS developed a rival program Meet Corliss Archer featuring Janet Waldo, which also enjoyed a long run and proved to be equally successful. ==Film and television== As the popularity of the radio series peaked, Jane Powell starred as Judy in the 1948 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film A Date with Judy. Wallace Beery, Elizabeth Taylor, Robert Stack, and Carmen Miranda also headed the cast. A television version of the show ran on ABC on Saturdays during daytime hours beginning on June 2, 1951. It originally starred Pat Crowley as Judy. The series moved to prime time during the summer of 1952 and was brought back again midway through the 1952–53 season. The series ended its run on September 30, 1953. This version featured Mary Linn Beller as Judy, John Gibson and Flora Campbell as her parents, Peter Avramo as her brother, and Jimmy Sommer as her sort-of boyfriend Oogie. ==Comic book== A Date with Judy also had a long run as a comic book based on the radio and TV series. It was published by National Comics Publications from October–November 1947 to October–November 1960. There were 79 issues. ==References== ==Listen to== *OTRRlibrary: A Date With Judy ==External links== *OTRRpedia: Old Time Radio Researchers Database of People and Programs Category:1940s American radio programs Category:1941 radio programme debuts Category:1950 radio programme endings Category:ABC radio programs Category:American comedy radio programs Category:NBC radio programs Category:Radio programs adapted into films Category:Radio programs adapted into television shows Category:Radio programs adapted into comics Category:1951 American television series debuts Category:1953 American television series endings Category:American Broadcasting Company original programming Category:1950s American sitcoms Category:Black-and-white American television shows Category:Defunct American comics Category:1947 comics debuts Category:1960 comics endings Category:Comics based on radio series fr:Ainsi sont les femmes
15523771	A Day in the Death	"A Day in the Death" is the eighth episode of the second series of the British science fiction television series Torchwood, which was broadcast on BBC Three on 27 February 2008. The episode follows the dismissal and later readmission of the recently undead medical officer Owen Harper (Burn Gorman) to the alien- hunting team Torchwood. ==Plot== Jack relieves Owen of his duties at Torchwood so Owen's state after being killed and resurrected three days ago can be examined. Martha assumes his position as Torchwood's medical officer, and Owen is given Ianto's job of making coffee. Martha concludes that Owen is 100% human yet will not age. The team discus a series of energy spikes coming from the estate of Henry Parker, a reclusive collector of alien artifacts. They devise a plan to find out the origin of the energy spikes, excluding Owen from the task. Owen goes home. Toshiko arrives to keep him company, but Owen becomes angry when she offers to help. After insulting Toshiko, Owen intentionally breaks his finger (which cannot heal) to show her how "broken" he is, before attempting suicide. He fails to drown since he has no need for breath. At the Hub, the team realise that heat sensors on the Parker estate make it impossible for them to get inside. When Owen points out that he has no body heat, Jack agrees to take him on the mission. After successfully entering the house, Owen reaches Parker, an old man linked up to many ventilators and medical machines after having three heart attacks. Parker says is being kept alive by a glowing object he calls the Pulse. Owen explains that it isn't keeping him alive; hope is doing the job. Owen promises to help Parker face his fear of death, but Parker suffers another heart attack. Unable to draw breath himself, Owen cannot perform CPR, and Parker dies. The energy from the Pulse is not as dangerous as originally thought; it was an alien species sending a reply to messages NASA sent into space in the 1970s, which appears as a beautiful light. After Torchwood says farewell to Martha, Owen promises to tell Toshiko whenever he's feeling bad. Owen walks on a footpath, looks up and spots a woman called Maggie Hopley, who is ready to jump off a roof on the anniversary of her husband's death. Asking Maggie if she is ready to jump and revealing his undead state, Owen tells the story of his day to her as a frame story throughout the episode. He later takes the Pulse out of his backpack and shows it to Maggie as a way of showing her it does get better. ===Continuity=== *One of Henry Parker's purchases was a Dogon Eye, an item last seen in "Random Shoes". The official website states that he has recently purchased a Cyberman arm and chest unit. *In the opening scene, archive footage of Louise Delamere as Diane Holmes, Owen's first series love interest, is shown. Also in the opening montage, clips from episodes such as "Everything Changes", "Ghost Machine", "Out of Time" and "Meat" can be glimpsed. *This is the second episode in which Owen is relieved of his duties. He was previously dismissed by Jack after he opened the rift in "End of Days". ===Outside references=== * Owen says that Torchwood filed Henry Parker as "Mostly Harmless," a reference to the book by the same name by Douglas Adams, who used to write for Doctor Who. "Mostly Harmless" was the revised entry for planet Earth in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, also written by Adams. The original entry for Earth was "harmless". * Owen criticises Ianto for liking The Adventures of Tintin. Owen thinks Tintin is weird, and reckons "he was shagging the dog" (his pet Snowy). Later in the episode, Owen is given a Tintin T-shirt. Doctor Who writer Steven Moffat co-wrote the 2011 film The Adventures of Tintin. ==Production== === Cast notes === Richard Briers previously played the Chief Caretaker and the voice of Kroagnon in the 1987 Seventh Doctor serial Paradise Towers. ===Music=== The song playing in Owen's apartment is "Atlas" by Battles. ==References== ==References== ==External links== Category:Torchwood episodes Category:2008 British television episodes Category:Doctor Who crossovers Category:Television episodes about death
15643468	A Beautiful Sunset	{{Infobox comics story arc |image = Buffy the Vampire Slayer - Season Eight - A Beautiful Sunset.jpg |imagesize = |caption = Cover of Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight: A Beautiful Sunset Art by Jon Foster |publisher = Dark Horse Comics |startmo = February |startyr = 2008 |endmo = |endyr = |genre = |multigenre = y |titles = Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight #11 |notable = y |main_char_team = |writers = Joss Whedon |artists = |pencillers = Georges Jeanty |inkers = Andy Owens |letterers = |editors = |colorists = Michelle Madsen |TPB = |ISBN = |cat = Buffy comics |sortkey = Beautiful Sunset |nonUS = |single = y }} "A Beautiful Sunset" is the eleventh issue of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Eight series of comic books, a continuation of the television series of the same name. It is written by series creator Joss Whedon. ==Plot== Buffy reflects on her long history of being a Slayer and awakening the thousands of other girls around the world. In flashbacks of her narrative it is clear that in each battle the Scoobies and the others have fought came with sacrifice, but in a way, came with connection as well. Buffy admits that while it can be a bother sacrificing her life as well as others, it has always been done for the better. She has grown, she has moved on to the better and potential she always knew that she could live up to. Next, Xander and Buffy discuss a major problem: Simone Doffler. Xander tells Buffy that they tried to remove Simone from her rough, urban environment, but see her on a security tape stealing ammunition and other things in a robbery, the unconscious bodies of two guards are also found in the tapes. Buffy feels worried that she is not making a big change in the Slayer community and feels that what the government and everyone else thinks is true, slayers are acting above the law and she is not making the difference she says she is making. Xander comforts her and reassures her that things are going to be all right. The two then reflect on the revelation that Buffy stole from a lucrative bank to support her and the Slayer army and how she and Willow are having complex issues. Xander suggests that she ease her worries by going on a vampire hunt; Buffy decides to bring a "date", namely Satsu. While the other Slayers and giant Dawn are celebrating at a huge party to ease their recent stresses, Buffy gears up to go on her vampire hunt. Satsu follows and Buffy forces her into the vampire lair. While the two are slaying, Buffy discusses how she knows that it was Satsu who gave her the kiss of true love when Buffy was bound in a magical sleep. While Buffy appreciates the gesture as kind and sweet, she is not interested in Satsu in a romantic way. Buffy tells Satsu of her romantic history and how all of her relationships, be it romantic, family, or friends, end with someone being hurt. Buffy states that there is something wrong with her, that everyone notices that something around her is wrong, that she can never really love, and like all Slayers, will be alone. She breaks down in tears but the moment is interrupted with a surprise attack from the malevolent Twilight. Satsu is knocked out, while Buffy and Twilight have a brawl in the air. Twilight bests Buffy in battle with moves she has never witnessed and takes her fear of flight to a whole new level by taking the fight into the air above the town. When he is about to throw the steeple of a church at her, Buffy tells him that killing her will only bring more Slayers to the call, that there will only be more to deal with. It is revealed that Twilight does not want to kill Buffy, yet. He wants to talk to her. He reveals that one Slayer in the world was enough to deal with, thousands is not tolerated. Specifically, he states that the world cannot contain them and eventually everyone will suffer for their existence. Twilight further feeds Buffy's insecurities by stating that they haven't changed the world or made a true difference. He flies off before the rising of the Sun, while Buffy rushes back to the graveyard that she and Satsu were in to help Satsu. While Satsu feels she has failed Buffy, Buffy comforts her. In an unknown base, Twilight tells his comrades that to truly defeat the Slayer, one must strip her of her greatest armor, her moral certainty. They must twist her view of right and wrong, or twist the views of the ones she helps. Back in Scotland, in an infirmary, a bedridden and bandaged Satsu expresses her disappointment to a bandaged Buffy. Satsu understands Buffy's view on love and ask if she is hurt, Buffy states that she will eventually heal, that together they will heal. Buffy talks to Xander of her confrontation with Twilight and how he was stronger than anything she has encountered so far. She expresses the fears that Twilight released in her, that she was not making a difference. Buffy feels that she is not making a difference, that the girls she awakened weren't and that she did not have any connection with them. Xander assures her that Buffy awakened confidence and purpose that the girls never had before. Buffy jokes that Xander should just ask Renee out already, while Xander jokes that she should not state the obvious and that she should not change the subject. He assures to Buffy that what she created is more than a monster-fighting army, it is a connected state. Buffy still feels she has no connection amongst the girls, Xander replies that it is not she that is supposed to, the person who brought all of it together gave up her connection so that the others would feel it, so that the other chosen girls could feel like they had a place to fit in, a place where they belonged. Buffy agrees, and in contrast to the opening sees that what she did truly was for the better. == Production == Writer Joss Whedon continues as writer from the last issue. Georges Jeanty returns as penciller since the No Future For You story arc. Drawing sequences from the episode "Chosen" are used as flashbacks in the beginning of the story. Including the Slayer who was playing baseball, Willow tapping into the essence of the Slayer Scythe, Rona and Vi being chosen, and Buffy fighting Caleb. ==Canonical issues== This series has been described as 'canon' by both Whedon and various commentators. As the creator of Buffy, Joss Whedon's association with Buffyverse story is often linked to how canonical the various stories are. Since Whedon is writing this story, it will be seen as a continuation of the official continuity established by Buffy and Angel. Season Eight contradicts and supersedes information given in the paperback novels set after Season Seven, such as Queen of the Slayers and Dark Congress, which are described as being set in an unofficial "parallel" continuity.Mata, Shiai, "CHRISTOPHER GOLDEN INTERVIEW 2 ", SlayerLit.us (2007). Twilight references Buffy killing Caleb in "Chosen" using the scythe by slicing him in two from the crotch up. The mud on Satsu's face mirrors the sequence in "Restless" in which Buffy spreads mud across her face. Intended to be set after BtVS's seventh season. The precise timing of this arc is currently uncertain. ==References== Category:Comics by Joss Whedon
15657339	A Bunch of Fives	A Bunch of Fives is an English children’s television show from ATV, broadcast for two series of seven episodes each in 1977 and 1978 on ITV."Bunch of Fives: Cast Information" FanDango.com (Retrieved: 6 September 2009) A precursor of Grange Hill,"Children's TV Drama" ScreenOnline.org.uk (Retrieved: 6 September 2009) it starred Andrew Rinous, Lesley Manville and Jamie Foreman as fifth formers who start a school newspaper. The show spawned one paperback tie- in.Rogers, Colin; "A Bunch of Fives"; Arrow Books, London, 15 May 1978; The series was released on DVD by Network in May 2010. ==References and notes== ==External links== * Category:1970s British children's television series Category:1977 British television series debuts Category:1978 British television series endings Category:ITV children's television shows Category:British teen drama television series Category:Television series about teenagers Category:Television series by ITV Studios Category:Television shows produced by Associated Television (ATV) Category:English-language television shows Category:Television shows shot at ATV Elstree Studios
15670656	A Final Reckoning	A Final Reckoning is a 1928 American silent Western film serial directed by Ray Taylor, set in colonial Australia. The film is considered to be lost. It is based on an 1887 novel by G. A. Henty. ==Cast== * Newton House as Ruben Whitney * Louise Lorraine as Miss Whitney, Ruben's Sister * Jay Wilsey as Captain Wilson (as Buffalo Bill Jr.) * Edmund Cobb as Black Jack * Frank Clark as Jim Whitney ==See also== * List of American films of 1928 * List of film serials * List of film serials by studio ==References== ==External links== * Category:1928 films Category:1928 lost films Category:1928 Western (genre) films Category:American silent serial films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Bushranger films Category:Films based on British novels Category:Films directed by Ray Taylor Category:Films set in colonial Australia Category:Lost Western (genre) films Category:Lost American films Category:Silent American Western (genre) films Category:Universal Pictures film serials Category:1920s American films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1920s English-language films
1571146	A Is for Accident	A Is for Accident is the debut live album by American dark cabaret duo The Dresden Dolls, a collection of live and studio recordings from 2001–2003, which was released on May 27, 2003 by Important Records. Future pressings were handled by 8 ft. Records and didn't include the bootleg recording of the band covering "Stand by Your Man" by Tammy Wynette. On October 20, 2009, the band released the album at Bandcamp.com, with two unlisted bonus tracks available to those who purchase the entire album (the digital download version, in a variety of formats, is free as of 2012). Most of the tracks were recorded at live shows around the Boston area: T.T. The Bear's Place, the Lizard Lounge, and Sanders Theater in Cambridge, MA; WMBR 88.1 FM at MIT in Cambridge; WBRS 100.1 FM at Brandeis University in Waltham, MA; and the Milky Way in Boston's Jamaica Plain neighborhood. Several of them have local references: Christopher Lydon is a well-known radio interviewer at WBUR in Boston; "Bank of Boston Beauty Queen" takes place in Lexington, MA; "Truce" mentions a number of streets and places in Boston. Amanda Palmer stated at their 31 October 2010 reunion show that the band owns the rights to this album and receives all proceeds from its distribution. == Track listing == ==Personnel== * Amanda Palmer – piano, vocals, lyricist, composer, songwriter * Brian Viglione – drums, guitar * Meredith Yayanos – violin on "Will" * Greg Disterhost – guitar on "Stand By Your Man" * Jim Smith – bass guitar on "Stand By Your Man" ==References== Category:The Dresden Dolls albums Category:2003 live albums Category:Albums recorded at Brandeis University Category:Important Records albums
15756680	A Good and Happy Child	A Good and Happy Child is a 2007 horror thriller novel by Justin Evans; it is his debut novel. The book was published on May 22, 2007 by Crown and concerns a new father's growing horror over his own childhood memories and possible brush with the supernatural. Film rights for A Good and Happy Child were sold to Paramount Pictures in 2012. ==Summary== Thirty-year-old George Davies can’t bring himself to hold his newborn son. After months of accepting his behavior, his wife, Maggie, demands that he see a therapist, and George, desperate to save his marriage and redeem himself as a father and husband, reluctantly agrees. This brings him into the office of Dr. H. Surman in Manhattan, where George is tasked with keeping notebooks, which he uses to talk about supernatural incidents that happened when he was 11 years old in Preston, Virginia. As he delves into his childhood memories, he begins to recall things from the distant past, such as the odd, rambling letters his father, Paul, sent home from Honduras before he became sick with jaundice and died, and the jovial mother, Joan, who started dating too soon after his father’s death. A boy that George refers to as simply "Friend", who appeared one night when George was lonely and told him secrets he didn't want to know. No one believed this new friend was real and was responsible for the bad things that were happening. There's also the conflict between Paul's faith in religion and belief in demonic possession and Joan's feminist liberal agenda that has no space for those beliefs. The only people who seem to believe George are his parents' colleagues, Tom Harris, his godfather Freddie, and Clarissa Bing. George's mother refuses to believe him even when she witnesses a poltergeist causing the shower door to slam open and close, eventually shattering completely. Terrified by all that he has forgotten, George struggles to remember what really happened in the months following his father’s death, wondering whether his ominous visions and erratic behavior were the product of a grief-stricken child’s overactive imagination, and whether his father’s colleagues, who blamed a darker, more malevolent force, were right to look to the supernatural as a means to end George’s suffering? Twenty years later, when a mysterious murder is revealed, remembering the past becomes the only way George can protect himself and his family. ==Reception== Critical reception for A Good and Happy Child has been positive. Reviewers have called the book "ambitious", frequently praising the usage of psychology in the book as an outlook for the book and as a possible way of explaining the events in the novel. The book's ambiguity over whether the possession was real or imagined was also a point of discussion for some reviewers, with the Washington Post citing it as a highlight. A reviewer for the Charlotte Observer commented on the book's similarity to Hamlet, while Dread Central and the New York Times compared it to The Exorcist. == Characters == * George Davies - George is a 30-year-old man at the beginning of the novel, reflecting back on incidents from when he was 11-year-old. He's conflicted as an adult because he has a psychological block that's preventing him from holding his newborn son. * Joan Davies - Joan is George's mother. She's a professor who prides herself on her written discourse related to feminist and liberal agendas. * Paul Davies - Paul is George's father, who died while on a trip to Honduras. Paul's colleagues believe he was a "mystic" and had visions related to God and the devil. * Tom Harris - Tom Harris, who is almost always referred to by his first and last name, is a friend of the family. He believes that George is possessed. * Freddie - Freddie is a colleague of Paul and Joan from their time in college. He's also George's godfather. * Clarissa Bing - Clarissa is another colleague of Paul and Joan's from college. * Richard (psychiatrist) - Richard is George's childhood psychiatrist. He is on George's side and is trying to help him get over the death of his father. * Dr. Gilloon (psychiatrist) - Dr. Gilloon is another psychiatrist. He believes George is a threat to society and wants him to be committed to Forest Glen, an overcrowded psychiatric hospital. * Kurt Moore- Kurt is Joan's new boyfriend. Even though they started dating shortly after Paul's death, George takes a liking to Kurt due to his kindness and strength. ==References== ==External links== * Justin Evans' official website Category:2007 American novels Category:American horror novels Category:Demon novels Category:2007 debut novels
15812271	A Cabin on the Coast	"A Cabin on the Coast" is a science fantasy short story by American writer Gene Wolfe, initially published in the February 1984 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction and collected in Endangered Species (1989) and The Best Of Gene Wolfe (2009).ISFDB entry It was nominated for the 1985 Nebula Award for Best Short Story as well as the 1985 Locus award.The LOCUS Index to SF Awards ==Plot summary== The story follows Timothy Ryan Neal, the son of a famous politician. When he takes his girlfriend to his father’s beach house (or cabin) he wakes up one morning to find her missing. Though the police suggest that she drowned in the ocean, Timothy is convinced that she was kidnapped by the mysterious ship he sees now and again in the sea. Concerned not only about her life, but also about his father’s reputation, he journeys out to try to make a deal with the ship. ==References== Category:Science fiction short stories Category:1984 short stories Category:Short stories by Gene Wolfe Category:Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction
15864750	A Letter from Death Row	A Letter from Death Row may refer to: *A Letter from Death Row (film), a 1998 psychological thriller film *A Letter from Death Row (album), the 1998 soundtrack by Bret Michaels to the film of the same name
15913613	A Kiom	{{Infobox settlement |official_name = A Kiom |native_name = |image_skyline = |imagesize = |image_caption = |image_flag = |image_seal = |image_map = |map_caption = |pushpin_map = Laos |pushpin_label_position =bottom |pushpin_mapsize = 300 |pushpin_map_caption =Location in Laos |subdivision_type = Country |subdivision_type1 = Province |subdivision_name = 25px Laos |subdivision_name1 = Sekong Province |subdivision_type2 = District |subdivision_name2 = Kaleum District |established_title = |established_date = |government_type = |leader_title = |leader_name = |area_magnitude = |area_total_sq_mi = |area_total_km2 = |area_land_sq_mi = |area_land_km2 = |area_urban_sq_mi = |area_urban_km2 = |area_metro_km2 = |area_metro_sq_mi = |population_as_of= |population_footnotes = |population_total = |population_urban = |population_metro = |population_density_sq_mi = |population_density_km2 = |timezone = |utc_offset = |timezone_DST = |utc_offset_DST = |coordinates = |elevation_footnotes= |elevation_m = |elevation_ft = |postal_code_type = |postal_code = |area_code = |website = |footnotes = }} A Kiom is a village in south-eastern Laos near the border with Vietnam. It is located in Kaleum District in Sekong Province. Category:Populated places in Sekong Province
15913697	A Kleum	A Kleum is a village in southeastern Laos near the border with Vietnam. It is in Kaleum District in Sekong Province. Category:Populated places in Sekong Province
15940239	A Horseman in the Sky	"A Horseman in the Sky" is a heavily anthologized short story by American Civil War soldier, wit, and writer Ambrose Bierce. It was published on April 14, 1889 under the title The Horseman in the Sky in the Sunday edition of The Examiner, a San Francisco newspaper owned by William Randolph Hearst.David M. Owens. The Devil's Topographer: Ambrose Bierce and the American War Story. Univ. of Tennessee Press, 2006. . P. 28. It is set during the American Civil War and is one of Bierce's best known war stories. Bierce revised the story for his book Tales of Soldiers and Civilians. ==Plot summary== A soldier lies on the ground on the lookout for the terrain and any potential enemy soldiers that might arrive. He falls asleep but luckily is not discovered by his sergeant as it would mean his death. When he awakes, he sees a mounted Confederate soldier on a ledge. He contemplates to shoot the man but finds himself morally challenged. In the end, he shoots the horse. Both the man and his horse leap off the ledge. An officer who happens to be in the forest under the ledge looks up and sees a man on a horse, seemingly running through the sky. It shocks him and he all but passes out. When he recovers he goes searching for the man but does not find man or horse. When he returns to camp, he says nothing. Meanwhile, a superior comes up to the soldier to ask what he's seen and the soldier tells him that he shot at a horse in order to kill the man. When asked to identify the man, he explains the man was his father and a Confederate soldier. == Analysis == "A Horseman in the Sky" highlights the destructive impact of the war on a single family. The central character is a young Virginian, named Carter Druse, who decides to fight for the Union, betraying his state. He finds himself unavoidably having to kill a Confederate horseman spy, who is his father. The story cycles around the considerations and feelings of this young man. In the first version of the story, Druse, presented with an impossible choice between patriotic duty and filial obedience, loses his mind.Donald T. Blume. Ambrose Bierce's Civilians and Soldiers in Context: A Critical Study. Kent State University Press, 2004. . P. 145, 245-246. It has been argued that Bierce's rewriting of the tale, and Carter Druse's reaction to his father's death, reflects the author's attempt to come to terms with his own wartime trauma, specifically his head wound that has been diagnosed as a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). The setting with a cliff is essential for the story to work. Having been a topographical officer in the Civil War, Bierce describes the setting in much detail, showing his talent for topographical rendering.Robert L. Gale. An Ambrose Bierce Companion. Greenwood Publishing, 2001. . P. 133. The image of a falling Confederate officer is supposed to present (for Federals a thousand feet below) "a grandly grotesque image that seems to herald the Apocalypse". Bierce apparently considered "A Horseman in the Sky" one of his strongest stories, because he chose to begin his Tales of Soldiers and Civilians with this story. From a Freudian perspective, "A Horseman in the Sky" exemplifies "Bierce's compulsive acts of patricide".Roy Morris. Ambrose Bierce: Alone in Bad Company. Oxford University Press, 1995. P.32. Some of Bierce's biographers argue that he "wrote too many stories about sons killing fathers", as evidenced by stories in his so-called "Patricide Club". == Influence == Carlos Fuentes's novel The Old Gringo (1985), a fictionalized account of Bierce's disappearance, contains numerous allusions to "A Horseman in the Sky".The Cambridge History of Latin American Literature. Vol. 2. Cambridge University Press, 1996. . P. 293. ==References== ==External links== *Text of the story * * Photographs of actual locations described in "A Horseman in the Sky" Category:1889 short stories Category:Short stories by Ambrose Bierce Category:Short stories set in the American Civil War Category:Patricide in fiction Category:Works originally published in the San Francisco Examiner
16171974	A Description of the Morning	right|thumb|Jonathan Swift "A Description of the Morning" is a poem by Anglo- Irish poet Jonathan Swift, written in 1709. The poem discusses contemporary topics, including the social state of London at the time of the writing, as well as the developing of commerce and business in the area, and the effect the latter had on the common people and common lifestyle in England. Others have also referred to the text as an early example of the oxymoronic "town eclogue," or "urban georgic". It was first published in October 1710, in the British magazine the Tatler, which was first printed in the same year of the poem's creation. Following the poem's publication in the Tatler, Swift became an occasional contributor to the content of the magazine, often submitting portions of his work. This collaboration has resulted in Swift's labeling as one of the magazine's more prominent contributors. The subsequent poem by Swift published in the magazine, which was related to "A Description of the Morning" and was entitled "A Description of a City Shower", covers similar topic matter, discussing the artificiality of life in the city and that existence. It has been described by critics, readers, and even Swift himself as the best poem that he ever wrote: "They think 'tis the best thing I ever writ, and I think so too".Fairer; Gerrard, p. 74 right|thumb|Four Times of the Day, a series of paintings by William Hogarth, was inspired by "A Depiction of the Morning", among other works. "A Description of the Morning" is often cited as inspiration for other works, including English artist William Hogarth's series of four paintings, Four Times of the Day, among other works and texts, such as John Gay's "Trivia", as well as Swift's own "A Description of a City Shower". ==Notes== ==References== *Fairer, David; Gerrard, Christine - Eighteenth-Century Poetry: An Annotated Anthology. Blackwell Publishing, 2004. * * * * * * Category:English poems Category:1710 poems Category:Works originally published in Tatler (1709 journal) Category:Works by Jonathan Swift
16176760	A Captain's Honor	A Captain's Honor () is a 1982 French war film directed by Pierre Schoendoerffer. ==Plot== A courtroom-drama about a dead Captain whose memory is publicly accused by a historian on TV, twenty years after his death. The story follows his widow's struggle to prove that he was not a murderer and did not practise torture while he was leading a ground unit during the Algerian war. She decides to sue the man who accused him of being a torturer and thus begins an investigation which retraces the Captain's last two weeks, day by day. The film uses numerous flashbacks depicting battle scenes in Algeria. ==Cast== *Nicole Garcia (Patricia Caron, the widow) *Jacques Perrin (Marcel Caron, the captain) *Georges Wilson (the barristers president) *Charles Denner (Gillard, the defense counsel) *Claude Jade (Valouin, the lawyer of the indictment) *Georges Marchal (General Keller, a witness) *Christophe Malavoy (Automarchi, a witness) *Jean Vigny (Prof. Paulet, a historian) *Florent Pagny ("la Ficelle") ==External links== * * Category:1982 films Category:Algerian War films Category:Films directed by Pierre Schoendoerffer Category:French war films Category:Films scored by Philippe Sarde Category:1980s war films Category:1980s French films Category:1980s French-language films
16184716	A Hand in the Bush	A Hand in the Bush: The Fine Art of Vaginal Fisting is a 1997 book by Deborah Addington about the sexual practice of inserting a fist into a vagina. It reached number four on Amazon's "Hot 100" sales chart in February 2000. ==References== Category:1998 non-fiction books Category:Sex manuals
16378814	A Breathtaking Guy	"A Breathtaking Guy" is a 1963 song written and produced by Smokey Robinson and released first by Motown singing group The Supremes (1963)The Complete Motown Singles Vol 3: 1963 [CD liner notes]. New York: Hip-O Select/Motown/Universal Records. and later by The Marvelettes (1972). The single was originally released under the title "A Breath Taking, First Sight Soul Shaking, One Night Love Making, Next Day Heartbreaking Guy" by The Supremes, but was shortened after its official release. All three Supremes members - Diana Ross, Florence Ballard and Mary Wilson - sang the chorus with the original title together. :Diana: Are you just a breathtaking... :Florence: First sight soul-shaking... :Diana: One night love-making... :Mary: Next day heartbreaking... :Group: ...Guy? ==Overview== One of the rare singles to feature the Supremes singing all lead vocals, it also was their highest charting single at this point, reaching number 75 on the Billboard Hot 100.Billboard Sept. 7, 1963 The group was jokingly referred to at this time as the "no-hit Supremes" by the Motown staff. However, their next single, "When the Lovelight Starts Shining Through His Eyes", would break the group's "no- hit" streak. It would also mean that, with the exception of Ballard's and Wilson's ad-libs on the 1964 single "Baby Love", this would be the last time any member other than Ross would have a lead part on a single for the rest of the decade. Much like their earlier single, "Your Heart Belongs to Me", Smokey Robinson produced the song with the same sound that had provided hit singles for early Motown star Mary Wells. The Supremes would sing background for Wells on her hit "You Lost the Sweetest Boy" with The Temptations. This would be the last single Robinson would produce for the group until 1969; this is due to the production team of Holland–Dozier–Holland having a very strong hold on the Supremes' released material from late 1963 to early 1968. In 1972, song was issued as the final single credited to The Marvelettes. The single failed to chart. ==Personnel== ===The Supremes version=== *Lead and background vocals by Diana Ross (verses; choruses), Florence Ballard and Mary Wilson (choruses) *Produced and written by Smokey Robinson *Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers ===The Marvelettes version=== *Lead vocals by Wanda Young Rogers *Background vocals by The Andantes: Jackie Hicks, Marlene Barrow, and Louvain Demps *Produced and written by Smokey Robinson *Instrumentation by The Funk Brothers ==Chart history== ===The Supremes version=== Chart (1963) Peak position scope="row" US Cashbox Top 100 75 ==References== Category:1963 songs Category:1963 singles Category:The Supremes songs Category:The Marvelettes songs Category:Songs written by Smokey Robinson Category:Song recordings produced by Smokey Robinson Category:Motown singles
16456979	A Christmas Carol (1982 film)	A Christmas Carol is an Australian made-for-televisionA Christmas Carol: The Best and Worst Adaptations|Den of Geek animated Christmas fantasy film from Burbank Films Australia as part of the studio's series of Charles Dickens adaptations from 1982 to 1985. It was originally broadcast in 1982 through the Australian Nine Network. Based on Charles Dickens' classic 1843 English story, A Christmas Carol, the adaptation by Alexander Buzo was produced by Eddy GrahamFilmAffinity and directed by Jean Tych.Tubi == Plot == Old Ebenezer Scrooge is a cruel man for whom money has become life's only passion; he hates Christmas, even the very mention of it, lives alone and only to work. He is very strict with his sole underpaid, overworked employee, Bob Cratchit, and does not believe in donating to charity or showing kindness to anyone. One Christmas Eve, Ebenezer Scrooge receives a ghostly visit from his former partner Jacob Marley, who had died on that date seven years earlier. In his life, Jacob Marley had been just as selfish and uncaring as Scrooge was now. He tells Ebenezer about how his soul has not had a moment's rest since his death and how his spirit has been doomed to wander the earth looking down at what might have been, had he been a different man. He tells Scrooge that he wants to spare him that same fate and that he will receive the visits of three other spirits that night. As Jacob Marley had predicted, the first spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Past arrives at one o'clock. He and Scrooge depart together for the Christmases that have already been and, from the experience, Scrooge gains a painful memory of the person he was, and how he became what he is. The second spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Present, shares with Scrooge the Christmases being celebrated on that same year, especially the merriment being had at his nephew Fred's home; Fred had invited him to dinner and Scrooge, as usual, had declined the invitation. From this experience, Scrooge also learns about Bob Cratchit's family, and how his youngest son, Tiny Tim, is a fragile creature supported by a crutch who may be doomed to die unless he receives better nourishment, more than his father can provide. Finally, Scrooge receives a visit from the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, and finds himself a changed man after he learns of the cruel fate in store for Tiny Tim, as well as the even crueller fate reserved for himself. Tiny Tim would die and be mourned by his loving family, while Ebenezer Scrooge would die alone and unmourned. Spared by the spirit, Ebenezer Scrooge wakes up on Christmas Day determined to keep the promise he had made to the spirits the night before and, before setting off to accept his nephew's invitation and join them for dinner, he has a huge turkey delivered to Mr. Cratchit's door. From that day, no one in London would know how better to celebrate Christmas than Ebenezer Scrooge—and Tiny Tim could wish for no more a caring friend.Contains Moderate Peril == Cast == Voices of: *Ron Haddrick as Ebenezer Scrooge *Phillip Hinton as Bob Cratchit *Sean Hinton as Tiny Tim Cratchit and Peter Cratchit *Barbara Frawley as Emily Cratchit *Robin Stewart as Fred, Ghost of Christmas Past, Child Scrooge and Turkey Fetcher *Liz Horne as Martha Cratchit and Belinda Cratchit *Bill Conn as Jacob Marley, Solicitors, Schoolmaster, Mr. Fezziwig, Ghost of Christmas Present, Mr. Topper, and Old Joe *Derani Scarr as Fred's Wife and Belle *Anne Haddy as Fan == See also == * List of Christmas films * List of ghost films * Adaptations of A Christmas Carol == References == == External links == * * * A Christmas Carol at the Big Cartoon Database * The 1982 animated adaptation on Crackle Category:Australian Christmas films Category:Films based on A Christmas Carol Category:Television shows based on A Christmas Carol Category:Australian animated feature films Category:Australian children's animated films Category:Australian television films Category:Children's Christmas films Category:Christmas television films Category:1982 television films Category:1982 films Category:Ghosts in television Category:Animated films based on novels Category:1980s Australian animated films Category:1980s English-language films
1667210	A Kiss Before Dying (1991 film)	A Kiss Before Dying is a 1991 American romantic thriller film directed by James Dearden, and based on Ira Levin's 1953 novel of the same name, which won the 1954 Edgar Award for Best First Novel. The drama features Matt Dillon, Sean Young, Max von Sydow, and Diane Ladd.. The story had been previously adapted under the same name in 1956. == Plot == A copper refinery owned by Thor Carlsson ships metal on Carlsson Copper trains, watched by a young boy from his home beside the tracks. Decades later in 1987, during a class at the University of Pennsylvania, Dorothy Carlsson absent-mindedly doodles her wedding. Later, changing into a formal outfit, she runs into her friend Patricia Farren, but denies she is meeting her "mystery man". Dorothy meets Jonathan Corliss at City Hall. Finding the marriage license bureau closed for lunch, they discuss how Dorothy's father would disown her if he knew what she was doing. Convincing Dorothy to wait on the building's roof, they are seated together on the parapet. At first, Dorothy is hesitant, but Jonathan insists they sit there. Saying "I'm sorry, Dorothy. You have only yourself to blame," Jonathan suddenly pushes her over the edge, taking the expensive cigarette lighter that she had left behind. Her body crashes through the glass skylight, and falls to the marble floor below. Returning downstairs, and after mailing a letter in the lobby, he calmly walks past Dorothy's shattered body as a crowd gathers. Thor and his daughter Ellen, Dorothy's twin, are shocked to learn Dorothy was pregnant and read what appears to be her suicide note, mailed the day she died. Ellen cannot believe her sister would kill herself. Jonathan returns to his working-class home in Pittsburgh with clippings about the Carlsson family, particularly the suicides of Thor's wife and son. Promising his mother to make something of his life, Jonathan hitchhikes to New York, accepting a ride from Jay Faraday, a bohemian drifter whose parents died on Korean Air Lines Flight 007. Four months later, Ellen is working at Castle House, a shelter and outreach program. Investigating Dorothy's death, Ellen meets Detective Dan Corelli in Philadelphia. Showing him the drawing Dorothy made of her wedding, dated the day of her death, and noting she died outside the marriage license bureau, Ellen suggests Dorothy was lured with the promise of marriage and killed by a boyfriend, but Corelli dismisses her theory. Ellen goes to campus, where Patricia reveals Dorothy was dating someone. Ellen finds Dorothy's ex-boyfriend Tommy Roussell, who explains he had a breakdown after his relationship with Dorothy and was out of school when she died. Remembering she then dated another student, Tommy takes Ellen to his apartment to show her the man's yearbook photo. Ellen waits outside, while Jonathan stalks her in his car. Tommy finds Jonathan's photo, but Jonathan strangles him, types a suicide note on Tommy's computer admitting to killing Dorothy, and stages his suicide. Ellen is left convinced that Tommy killed Dorothy. Ellen returns home to New York, and her boyfriend arrives – Jonathan, who has assumed Jay Faraday's identity. Their relationship develops, working together at Castle House, and "Jay" impresses Thor with his ambition. Ellen and Jay marry, and he joins Carlsson Copper. Intercepting a call from Patricia, who is heading to New York after remembering the identity of Dorothy's boyfriend, Jay arranges for Patricia to wait in her hotel room for a call from Ellen the next day. There, he strangles Patricia, dismembering her in the bathtub and stuffing her corpse in a suitcase before going out on a date with Ellen. After driving her home, he dumps the suitcase in the East River. A police detective investigating Patricia's disappearance informs Ellen that her name and number were in Patricia's diary. Suspicious, Ellen confirms with Tommy's parents that he was institutionalized at the time of Dorothy's death. Ellen asks Corelli to reopen the investigation, with no results. At a bar with Ellen, Jay is recognized as Jonathan Corliss by an acquaintance from Philadelphia but insists he is mistaken, eventually hitting him. Unsettled, Ellen digs up a UPenn yearbook and finds a picture of Jonathan. She tracks down Jonathan's mother, who says that Jonathan had committed suicide three years earlier, though his body was never found. Visiting her in the house where he grew up, Ellen learns about his childhood. His mother leaves, and Ellen sneaks inside to search Jonathan's room, finding his suitcase of clippings about her family and her sister's lighter. Jonathan, having followed her, confesses that he killed Faraday and assumed his identity. He schemed to marry into the Carlsson family, but Dorothy's unplanned pregnancy meant she would be disinherited. Jonathan prepares to strangle Ellen, who escapes from the house to the train tracks. Giving chase, Jonathan is run over by a Carlsson train, at the same spot he watched the trains pass as a child. == Cast == * Matt Dillon as Jonathan Corliss * Sean Young as Ellen/Dorothy Carlsson * Max von Sydow as Thor Carlsson * Diane Ladd as Mrs. Corliss * James Russo as Dan Corelli * Ben Browder as Tommy Roussell * Martha Gehman as Patricia Farren * Jim Fyfe as Terry Dieter * Lachele Carl as Reporter * Shane Rimmer as Commissioner Malley * Adam Horovitz as Jay Faraday == Production == The producers of A Kiss Before Dying wanted River Phoenix to play Jonathan. They approached him several times for the role, and kept increasing their offers, but he didn't feel a connection to the material and felt he was unsuitable to play the part, so he repeatedly turned it down and Matt Dillon was then cast. Diane Lane and Penelope Ann Miller were each considered for the dual roles of Ellen and Dorothy, but both rejected it. Bridget Fonda was originally cast, but quit the production due to scheduling conflicts and Sean Young signed on to replace her. === Locations === The film was primarily shot in Great Britain, with secondary locations in the United States. British locations include: Port Talbot steelworks, Cardiff, South Glamorgan, Wales, (opening sequence at "Abbey Coke Ovens area of Port Talbot Steel works, with Main Pumphouse, cooling tower and water storage towers in the background"); Brocket Hall, Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England; Gaddesden Place, Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England; Lee International Studios, Shepperton, Surrey, England; and London, England. United States: Charlottesville, Virginia; New York City; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. === Distribution === The film opened in wide release on 26 April 1991 in the United States. In England it opened on 14 June 1991. The box-office receipts were poor. The first week's gross was $4,348,165 and the total receipts for the four-week run were $14,478,720. The film was in wide release for thirty-one days. In its widest release the film was featured in 1,546 theatres across the country.The Numbers box office data. Last accessed: 30 November 2007. == Reception == === Critical response === Chicago Sun-Times film critic Roger Ebert praised the direction of the picture and Matt Dillon's work, writing, "This is Matt Dillon's first film since Drugstore Cowboy, and demonstrates again that he is one of the best actors working in movies. He possesses the secret of not giving too much, of not trying so hard that we're distracted by his performance... [and director] Dearden helps it work because he doesn't press his point."Ebert, Roger, Chicago Sun-times, film review, 26 April 1991. Rolling Stones Peter Travers was not as kind in his review of this film, especially when compared to the 1956 original. He blasts the screenplay and the direction of the film. He wrote: "Though Dearden gets the surface right – the movie looks sleek – he skimps on characterization... [and] Dearden's script fails to provide the raw material that would let him go beyond the stereotype... Dearden merely walks the cast through a gauntlet of film noir cliches."Travers, Peter. Rolling Stone, film review, 1991. The review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reported that 36% of critics gave the film a positive review, based on 14 reviews.A Kiss Before Dying at Rotten Tomatoes. Last accessed: 25 January 2023 at Rotten Tomatoes. Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C+" on an A+ to F scale. === Awards === Golden Raspberry Awards * Worst Actress, Sean Young as Ellen Carlsson; 1991. * Worst Supporting Actress, Sean Young as Dorothy Carlsson; 1991. == Comparisons to novel == While leaving Corliss' character basically unchanged (other than renaming him Jonathan), the film drastically changed the story of the novel. In the film, Corliss fakes his own suicide after murdering Dorothy, and re-emerges as "Jay Faraday" to woo and marry Dorothy's sister, Ellen. In the novel, Corliss does not take on a new identity. Ellen's other sister, Marion, does not appear in either film version of the story. The "Gant" character in the novel was rewritten as a homicide detective who had investigated Dorothy's death. In this film, Corliss meets his end while attempting to kill Ellen after she discovers who he really is; while chasing her down, and for the sake of irony, he is run over by one of her father's trains.Levin, Ira. A Kiss Before Dying, Simon & Schuster, 1954. . ==Adaptation== *Baazigar (Translation: Gambler), a 1993 Indian crime thriller film directed by Abbas–Mustan and starring Shah Rukh Khan, Kajol and Shilpa Shetty in the lead roles. == References == == External links == * * * * * * A Kiss Before Dying information site at DVD Beaver (includes images) * Category:1991 films Category:1990s erotic thriller films Category:American erotic thriller films Category:British erotic thriller films Category:Films scored by Howard Shore Category:Films about identity theft Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films based on crime novels Category:Films based on works by Ira Levin Category:Films directed by James Dearden Category:Films set in 1987 Category:Films set in 1990 Category:Films set in New York City Category:Films set in Philadelphia Category:Films set in Pittsburgh Category:Films set in Virginia Category:Golden Raspberry Award winning films Category:American neo-noir films Category:Universal Pictures films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s American films Category:1990s British films
16753350	A Foreign Policy of Freedom	__NOTOC__ A Foreign Policy of Freedom: Peace, Commerce, and Honest Friendship is a 2007 compilation of floor speeches to the U.S. House of Representatives by Congressman Ron Paul. They covered a 30-year period and addressed foreign policy. The book was published as an accompaniment to his campaign for the presidency of the United States in the 2008 election. The first edition includes a foreword by Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. It is published by the Foundation for Rational Economics and Education of Lake Jackson, Texas. The cover depicts detail from the 1817 painting Declaration of Independence, by John Trumbull, "courtesy of Architect of the Capitol". ==Reception== Paul and the book were featured on a crowded The Tonight Show on October 30, 2007, and host Jay Leno was able to get Paul to autograph his copy after the show. By March 2008 it had sold "a brisk 37,000 copies". ==References== ==External links== * OnTheIssues.org's book review and excerpts Category:2008 non-fiction books Category:Books by Ron Paul Category:Political books Category:Books about ideologies Category:Books about liberalism Category:Books about international relations Category:Books in political philosophy Category:Books about the 2003 invasion of Iraq Category:War on Terror books Category:2008 United States presidential election
16885000	A Growling Place	A Growling Place is a picture book written and illustrated by Thomas Aquinas Maguire, published on August 28, 2007, by Simply Read Books in Vancouver, British Columbia. ==Description== The story of a young girl named Aril is told primarily with long horizontal images and few words. Though it is a picture book, A Growling Place makes use of chapters - each chapter name is a simple concept in the progression of the story and is highlighted in the sentence in which it appears. ==Awards== *2nd place - 26th Annual Awards for Excellence in Book Design in Canada by the Alcuin Society. April 11, 2008 ==External links== *Official website *Author's website *CCBC Article on Alcuin Awards *Alcuin Society webpage *Magazine Review *Simply Read Books Category:Canadian children's books Category:Canadian picture books Category:2007 children's books
16932717	A Guest of Honor (opera)	thumb|1903 Advertising poster for A Guest of Honor by Scott Joplin A Guest of Honor (ISJ 54) is the first opera created by celebrated ragtime composer Scott Joplin. The opera had two acts, followed the model of grand opera, and followed the events surrounding the 1901 White House dinner hosted by President Theodore Roosevelt for the civil rights leader and educator Booker T. Washington.Biography from ScottJoplin.org == History == Joplin is believed to have begun writing A Guest of Honor shortly after Washington’s visit to Roosevelt’s White House. A copyright application was filed on February 16, 1903, with the Library of Congress, but Joplin did not include a copy of the score with the application, but did list Stark Publishing on the application. It is theorized that he intended to have the score published prior to the copyright submission, but this never happened despite the application. In April of 1903, a informal public presentation of the opera was reviewed by Monroe Rosenfeld of the St. Louis Globe-Democrat. The performance had taken place "In a large hall where they often gave dances," Rosenfeld noting the company's daily rehearsals at the Crawford's Theatre in Louisiana (now Gayety Theatre). He also noted the opera's financial backing, and noted the opera's premiere date as August 30th of 1903. Joplin later created an opera company called the "Scott Joplin's Ragtime Opera Company" of about 30-32 people to take A Guest of Honor for a national tour. It is not certain how many productions were actually staged, or even if this was an all-black show or a racially mixed presentation (which would have been very unusual for 1903). He would later take the company on tour in August of 1903, continuing into October. The tour was ostensibly scheduled for 15 stops, although how many were fulfilled is unknown. During the tour, either in Springfield, Illinois, or Pittsburg, Kansas, someone associated with the company stole the box office receipts. Joplin could not meet the company’s payroll or pay for the company’s lodgings at a theatrical boarding house. It is believed the score for A Guest of Honor was confiscated with Joplin’s belongings, due to non-payment of his bills. Joplin would later travel to New York in 1907 in order to find financial support and a publisher for the opera, but did not manage to find support. Overall, it is reported that the tour was a financial failure for Joplin, although from 1907 onward Joplin was again busy working on his second opera, Treemonisha. Scholar Edward Berlin's research noted Joplin's readiness to leave his first opera behind: To date, no copy of the score to A Guest of Honor has ever surfaced, and it is considered lost. However, a card dating from March 27th of 1906 noted that two copies due to be received by the Copyright Office did not come. Later confirmation from William P. Stark, son of John Stillwell Stark, noted the overall weakness of the opera, "While A Guest of Honor had some pretty good music, the story and lyrics were weak, and it was never published." == Details == Joplin had dedicated his first opera to Pharoah T. Bowles, a resident of Missouri. The title of the opera, "A Guest of Honor," was used verbatim in an editorial dating to September 12th, 1901 from the Indianapolis Freeman. It is known that Joplin was an avid reader of the journal. ==Notes== == References == ==External links== *Article on A Guest of Honor *Sedalia Weekly Conservator August 22, 1903 formation of A Guest of Honor *New York Clipper September 12, 1903 report of schedule of three performances of A Guest of Honor Category:1903 operas Category:Cultural depictions of Booker T. Washington Category:Cultural depictions of Theodore Roosevelt Category:English-language operas Category:Lost operas Category:Operas Category:Operas about politicians Category:Operas based on real people Category:Operas by Scott Joplin Category:Operas set in the 20th century Category:Operas set in the United States Category:Political operas
16942576	A Day in Summer	A Day in Summer is the first novel by J. L. Carr, published in 1963. It is the story of an RAF veteran named Peplow who arrives in the fictional village of Great Minden on the day of its annual Feast (or fair), seeking retribution for the death of his son. Carr started the novel as a part of written work for classes of the Workers' Educational Association and described it as his most technically ambitious novel, so it was "foolhardy to start with".Carr, J.L. (1991) The Passport Interview. Huntingdon, Cambridge: Passport magazine, issue 2. Carr sent duplicate copies of the novel to publishers to consider, and it was accepted by both the seventh and eighth publishers he sent it to at the same time. The eventual publisher paid Carr an advance of 50 pounds for the novel.Carr, J.L. (1983) A double life in literature. The Author Vol 44, No 4, pages 102 - 104. The novel has been reissued by The Quince Tree Press, the company established by Carr to publish his maps and small books. A film version was made in 1989, directed by Bob Mahoney from a screenplay by Alan Plater, and starring Peter Egan, Jack Shepherd, John Sessions, Jill Bennett, Ian Carmichael and Daragh O'Malley.https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097160/ ==Publication history== * 1963 Barrie and Rockliff * 1973 Quartet Books, * 1986 The Hogarth Press, * 2003 The Quince Tree Press, ===Translations=== * 1967 Kermis van de dood (Village Fair of Death), Het Spectrum, Utrecht. Translated by G. Seuter-Ellis * 1990 Um dia no Verão, Gradiva, (Portuguese), * 1994 Un jour en été, Actes Sud, (French), * 2008 Kermis van de dood (Village Fair of Death), Prisma-Boeken, Utrecht/Antwerp, (Dutch), * 2018 Ein Tag im Sommer, Dumont Buchverlag, (German), ==References== ==External links== *Quince Tree Press * Category:1963 British novels Category:English novels Category:Novels by J. L. Carr Category:1963 debut novels
16968794	A Little Bit Longer	A Little Bit Longer is the third studio album by the American band the Jonas Brothers and their second album released on Hollywood Records. It was released on August 12, 2008. The album received generally favorable reviews, and four star reviews from Rolling Stone, AllMusic, and Blender. The album was preceded by three singles, "Burnin' Up", "Lovebug" and "Tonight". The album was number 40 on Rolling Stone's Best 50 Albums of 2008. One of the songs from the album, "Video Girl" was also number 49 on Rolling Stones list of the 100 Best Songs of 2008. ==Background== The title of the album, "A Little Bit Longer", comes from their song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote about his feelings with having type 1 diabetes. The album artwork was released by Team Jonas, the Jonas Brothers' official fan club, to fan club members via an e-mail newsletter on June 20, 2008. ==Promotion== On August 5, 2008, A Little Bit Longer was uploaded to MTV's The Leak, enabling the album to be streamed before it was released. The brothers performed their second single, "Lovebug" at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards One of the extra tracks, "Live to Party", was later the theme song for their television show Jonas. ==Singles== "Burnin' Up" is the album's first single and was officially released on June 19, 2008. The music video for "Burnin' Up" premiered on Disney Channel, following the premiere of Camp Rock, a day after. The album's second single "Lovebug" was revealed at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards. It was officially released on September 30, 2008. The official music video for "Lovebug" premiered on the Disney Channel on October 19, 2008. The album's third and final single "Tonight". ;Promotional singles "A Little Bit Longer" was released on August 5, 2008, as the first promotional single. On March 12, 2009, "Pushin' Me Away" was released as the second and final promotional single. ==Commercial performance== A Little Bit Longer debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 selling 525,402 copies in its first week, according to Nielsen SoundScan.(August 12 – 19). Jonas Bros. Score Third-Best Debut Week Of '08, Billboard.com, August 20, 2008 The album also debuted at number one on the US Billboard Comprehensive Albums, Top Digital Albums, Top Internet Albums, and Tastemakers charts. In its second week, the album remained at number one on the US Billboard 200 selling an additional 147,000 copies, making it the band's fastest selling album to date.Jonathan Cohen, "Jonas Brothers Begin Second Week At No. 1", Billboard.com, August 27, 2008. In its third week, it fell to number four on the chart, selling another 80,000 copies.Katie Hasty, "Slipknot Edges The Game Atop Billboard 200", Billboard.com, September 3, 2008. On October 17, 2008, the album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over a million copies in the United States. As of March 2015, the album has sold 2,082,000 million copies in the United States. ==Critical reception== A Little Bit Longer received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, the album received an above average score of 66 out of 100. In a 4-star review written by Rolling Stone editor Jody Rosen he stated, "The boys fantastic third album is steeped in the fuzzed-up guitars, three-part harmonies and cotton-candy choruses of Big Star and Cheap Trick. Power-pop die-hards awaiting the genre's commercial saviors must reckon with the fact that the messiahs have arrived". Natalie Nichols of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "The third album from the alpha boy band of the moment is certainly of the moment. Jersey-born Jonas siblings Nick (15), Kevin (20), and Joe (18) hit all the right pop notes with such numbers as the romping come-on 'Got Me Going Crazy', the slightly funky 'Burnin' Up' (a very pale imitation of Prince) and the emo- lite of brokenhearted ballad 'Can't Have You'. In a mixed review from the Toronto Star, Ben Rayner when speaking about the albums demographic wrote, "Young hearts will melt, elder stomachs will churn", and "[A Little Bit Longer] has one uncritical audience in particular in mind and it serves it as well as can be expected". ==Track listing== ==Exclusive DVDs== ;Target Exclusive DVD The Target edition of A Little Bit Longer includes a DVD with the following: *"JB Rules" *Live videos from the Disney Channel Games 2008: ** "S.O.S." ** "Burnin' Up" ** "This Is Me" (with Demi Lovato) ;Jonas Brothers official site pre-order bonus DVD Fans that pre-ordered A Little Bit Longer online before its release received a DVD with the following: *Jonas Brothers' special message *A Little Bit Longer album piece *"A Little Bit Longer" (acoustic live performance) *"Lovebug" (acoustic performance) *Band in a Bus trailer *Jonas Brothers YouTube videos ;Woolworths (UK) Exclusive DVD Buyers of the CD had the option to get an exclusive DVD at extra cost, As they did with "Jonas Brothers" & "Camp Rock" *Jonas Brothers' special message *A Little Bit Longer album piece *Band in a Bus trailer *Jonas Brothers YouTube videos ;UK "FanPack" Released in the UK, a limited edition Fan pack containing *Regular version of the album cd *Girls skinny fit teeshirt *Tote bag *Bracelet *4 Pin Badges *All contained inside a clear vanity case with Jonas Brothers emblem ;Canadian deluxe edition The Canadian Deluxe Edition of A Little Bit Longer includes a DVD with the following: * Live @ Much: Jonas Brothers- A MuchMusic Special Presentation * A Little Bit Longer Album Piece * Band in a Bus Trailer * Jonas Brothers YouTube videos; ** DJ Danger ** Nick J Show – Anger ** Tai Chi ** Nick J Show – Revenge ** Gibson Surprise Visit ** Look Me in the Eyes Makes History ** Meet the Queen * Music videos ** "Burnin' Up" ** "Lovebug" ==Personnel== * Nick Jonas – lead vocals, guitar, keyboards, drums * Joe Jonas – lead vocals, guitar * Kevin Jonas – background vocals, guitar, mandolin * John Lloyd Taylor – guitar, background vocals * John Fields – bass, keyboards, guitar * Dorian Crozier – drums, percussion, programming * Stephen Lu - string arrangements, conducting * Justin Salter – assistant engineer * Meaghan Martin - vocals on "Video Girl" * Robert "Big Rob" Feggans- rap vocals on "Burnin' Up" ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2008) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA) 13 Austrian Albums (Ö3 Austria Top 40) 27 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 75 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Wallonia) 58 Brazil Albums (ABPD) 1 Canadian Albums (Billboard) 1 Croatian Albums (IFPI) 30 Danish Albums (Tracklisten) 38 Dutch Albums (MegaCharts) 40 French Albums (SNEP) 14 German Albums (Media Control Charts) 23 Greek Albums (IFPI) 21 Hungarian Albums (MAHASZ) 39 Irish Albums (IRMA) 15 Italian Albums (FIMI) 2 Japanese Albums (Oricon) 35 Mexican Albums (AMPROFON) 1 New Zealand Albums (RMNZ) 11 Norwegian Albums (VG-lista) 27 Polish Albums (ZPAV) 6 Portuguese Albums (AFP) 27 Scottish Albums (OCC) 22 Spanish Albums (PROMUSICAE) 3 Swedish Albums (Sverigetopplistan) 54 Swiss Albums (Swiss Hitparade) 55 Taiwan Albums (G-Music) 15 UK Albums (OCC) 19 US Billboard 200 1 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2008) Position US Billboard 200 25 Chart (2009) Position US Billboard 200 77 ==Certifications and sales== ==Release history== Country Date United States August 12, 2008 Canada Brazil Argentina August 21, 2008 Colombia Hong Kong August 26, 2008 United Kingdom September 29, 2008 Europe October 3, 2008 Philippines October 6, 2008 Australia October 13, 2008 New Zealand October 13, 2008 South Africa November 14, 2008 Taiwan November 14, 2008 Canada (Deluxe Edition) December 9, 2008 Japan January 14, 2009 ==References== ==External links== *Jonas Brothers official website *Jonas Brothers official MySpace Category:2008 albums Category:Jonas Brothers albums Category:Hollywood Records albums Category:Albums produced by John Fields (record producer)
1719074	A Case of Conscience	A Case of Conscience is a science fiction novel by American writer James Blish, first published in 1958. It is the story of a Jesuit who investigates an alien race that has no religion yet has a perfect, innate sense of morality, a situation which conflicts with Catholic teaching. The story was originally published as a novella in 1953, and later extended to novel-length, of which the first part is the original novella. The novel is the first part of Blish's thematic After Such Knowledge trilogy and was followed by Doctor Mirabilis and both Black Easter and The Day After Judgment (two novellas that Blish viewed as together forming the third volume of the trilogy). Few science fiction stories of the time attempted religious themes, and still fewer did this with Catholicism. ==Plot== ===Part 1=== In 2049, Father Ramon Ruiz- Sanchez of Peru, Clerk Regular of the Society of Jesus, is a member of a four- man team of scientists sent to the planet Lithia to determine if it can be opened to human contact. Ruiz-Sanchez is a biologist and biochemist, and he serves as the team doctor. However, as a Jesuit, he has religious concerns as well. The planet is inhabited by a race of intelligent bipedal reptile-like creatures, the Lithians. Ruiz-Sanchez has learned to speak their language to learn about them. While on a walking survey of the land, Cleaver, a physicist, is poisoned by a plant, despite a protective suit, and he suffers badly. Ruiz- Sanchez treats him and leaves to send a message to the others: Michelis, a chemist, and Agronski, a geologist. He is helped by Chtexa, a Lithian whom he has befriended, who then invites him to his house. This is an opportunity which Ruiz-Sanchez cannot decline; no member of the team has been invited into Lithian living places before. The Lithians seem to have an ideal society, a utopia without crime, conflict, ignorance or want. Ruiz-Sanchez is awed. When the team is reassembled, they compare their observations of the Lithians. Soon they will have to officially pronounce their verdict. Michelis is open-minded and sympathetic to the Lithians. He has learned their language and some of their customs. Agronski is more insular in his outlook, but he sees no reason to consider the planet dangerous. When Cleaver revives, he reveals that he wants the place exploited, regardless of the Lithians' wishes. He has found enough pegmatite (a source of lithium, which is rare on Earth) that a factory could be set up to supply Earth with lithium deuteride for nuclear weapons. Michelis is for open trade. Agronski is indifferent. Ruiz-Sanchez makes a major declaration: he wants maximum quarantine. The information Chtexa revealed to him, added to what he already knew, convinces him that Lithia is nothing less than the work of Satan, a place deliberately constructed to show peace, logic, and understanding in the complete absence of God. Point for point, Ruiz-Sanchez lists the facts about Lithia that directly attack Catholic teaching. Michelis is mystified, but does point out that all the Lithian science he has learned, while perfectly logical, rests on highly questionable assumptions. It is as if it just came from nowhere. The team can come to no agreement. Ruiz-Sanchez concludes that Cleaver's intentions will probably prevail and Lithian society will be exterminated. Despite his conclusions about the planet, he has a deep affection for the Lithians. As the humans board their ship to leave, Chtexa gives Ruiz-Sanchez a gift—a sealed jar containing an egg. It is a son of Chtexa, to be raised on Earth and learn the ways of humans. At this point, the Jesuit solves a riddle which he has been pondering for some time, from Book III of Finnegans Wake by James Joyce (pp. 572–3), which proposes a complex case of marital morals, ending with the question "Has he hegemony and shall she submit?" To the Church, neither "Yes" nor "No" is a morally satisfactory answer. Ruiz-Sanchez sees that it is two questions, despite the omission of a comma between the two, so that the answer can be "Yes and No". ===Part 2=== The egg hatches and grows into the individual Egtverchi. Like all Lithians, he inherits knowledge from his father through his DNA. Earth society is based on the nuclear shelters of the 20th century, with most people living underground. Egtverchi is the proverbial firecracker in an anthill; he upends society and precipitates violence. Ruiz- Sanchez has to go to Rome to face judgment. His conviction about Lithia is viewed as heresy, since he believes Satan has the power to create a planet. This is close to Manichaeism. He has an audience with the Pope himself to explain his beliefs. Pope Hadrian VIII, a logically and technologically aware Norwegian, points out two things Ruiz-Sanchez missed. First, Lithia could have been a deception, not a creation. And second, Ruiz-Sanchez could have done something about it, namely, perform an exorcism on the whole planet. The priest bows his head in shame that he has overlooked an obvious solution to his own case of conscience while he was absorbed in "a book [Finnegans Wake] which to all intents and purposes might have been dictated by the Adversary himself ... 628 pages of compulsive demoniac chatter." The Pope dismisses Ruiz-Sanchez to purge his own soul and to return to the Church if and when he can. A violent mass riot breaks out, fomented by Egtverchi and made possible by the psychosis present in many of the citizens as a result of living in the 'shelter state' (an earlier reference to the "Corridor Riots of 1993" indicates that this is not the first time violence has burst out among the buried cities). During the riot, Agronski dies as a result of being stung by one or more genetically modified honey bees. Ruiz-Sanchez administers Extreme Unction, despite his almost-faithless state. Egtverchi secretly boards a spaceship to Lithia. Michelis and Ruiz-Sanchez are taken to the Moon, where a new telescope has been assembled, based on "a fundamental twist on the Haertel equations which makes it possible to see around normal space-time, as well as travel around it"Blish 1999, p. 135 so that the instrument presents a view of Lithia in real-time, bypassing the delay caused by the speed of light. Cleaver is on Lithia, setting up his reactors, but the physicist who invented the telescope technology believes he has found a fault in Cleaver's reasoning. There is a chance that the work will set off a chain reaction in the planet's rocks and destroy it. As they watch on the screen, Ruiz-Sanchez pronounces an exorcism. The planet explodes, eliminating Cleaver and Egtverchi, but also Chtexa and all the things Ruiz-Sanchez admired. It is left ambiguous whether the extinction of the Lithians is a result of Ruiz-Sanchez's prayer or Cleaver's error. ==Reception== While faulting the novel for "extreme unevenness", Galaxy reviewer Floyd C. Gale concluded that A Case of Conscience was "a provocative, serious, commendable work" and characterized it as "trailblaz[ing]"."Galaxy's 5 Star Shelf", Galaxy Magazine, February 1959, pp. 139–140. Anthony Boucher found Blish's protagonist "a credible and moving figure" and praised the opening segment; however he faulted the later material for "los[ing] focus and impact" and "wander[ing]" to an ending that seems "merely chaotic.""Recommended Reading", F&SF;, August 1958, p. 105. In his "Books" column for The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, Damon Knight selected Blish's novel as one of the ten best science fiction books of the 1950s.Damon Knight. "Books", F&SF;, April 1960, p. 99. He reviewed the novel as "resonat[ing] with a note of its own. . . . it is complete and perfect."Knight, Damon. "In the Balance", If, December 1958, pp. 108–09. On the other hand, Br. Guy Consolmagno, S.J., the director of the Vatican Observatory, suggested that this novel was written without much knowledge of Jesuits, saying that "[its] theology isn't only bad theology, it's not Jesuit theology." In a foreword, Blish mentions that he had heard objections to the theology, but countered that the theology was that of a future Church rather than the present one, and that in any case he set out to write about "not a body of faith, but a man". He also received, and quoted, the official Church policy on contact with extraterrestrial intelligent life forms. The policy described such life forms as being possibly without immortal souls, or having immortal souls and being "fallen", or having souls and existing in a state of Grace, listing the approach to be taken in each case. In 2012 the novel was included in the Library of America two-volume boxed set American Science Fiction: Nine Classic Novels of the 1950s, edited by Gary K. Wolfe. ==Awards and nominations== The novel won a Hugo Award in 1959. The original novella won a Retrospective Hugo Award in 2004. ==See also== * Arthur C. Clarke's short story "The Star", where a Jesuit scientist finds out a faith-shaking fact about a supernova. * Rebuttal by Betsy Curtis, a sequel and response to The Star, with a doctor who is also a priest speaking with the original story's narrator after his return to Earth. * Mary Doria Russell's The Sparrow and sequel Children of God which feature a Jesuit linguist/priest who has a crisis of faith confronting alien cultures. ==References== ==Sources== * * ==External links== * Category:1953 American novels Category:1958 American novels Category:1958 science fiction novels Category:American novellas Category:American science fiction novels Category:Ballantine Books books Category:Books critical of Christianity Category:Books critical of religion Category:English-language novels Category:Fiction set in 2049 Category:Hugo Award for Best Novel-winning works Category:Novels by James Blish Category:Novels republished in the Library of America Category:Novels set on fictional planets Category:Religion in science fiction
172758	A Farewell to Kings	A Farewell to Kings is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush, released in September 1977 by Anthem Records. After touring their previous album 2112 (1976), which saw the group reach a new critical and commercial peak, they started work on a follow-up. They decided to record at Rockfield Studios in Wales, the first time Rush recorded an album outside of Toronto. The band expanded their sound with each member playing new instruments that they had not previously used, and recorded a mix of concise and long songs. A Farewell to Kings reached No. 11 in Canada and helped the group to continue to expand its audience internationally, reaching inside the top-40 in the UK and the US for the first time. "Closer to the Heart" was released as the album's first single, which reached No. 36 in the UK. Rush toured in support of the album from August 1977 to June 1978. The tour saw the band headline major venues across Canada and play in the UK. ==Background and recording== thumb|right|Rockfield Studios In June 1977 Rush ended their sixteen-month tour in support of their previous album, 2112 (1976). They decided not to take a break and started on a follow-up straight away. Later that month, they retreated to Rockfield Studios in Rockfield, Monmouthshire in Wales to record. This marked the first time that Rush recorded an album outside of Toronto, and Neil Peart recalled the decision to pick a studio suitable enough as "extremely difficult". After longtime Rush producer Terry Brown did some research, he became excited about working in Rockfield and the group chose it. Peart later wrote that the seclusion and the "mellow" atmosphere at the studio created a productive environment for the group to work in, which gave them the opportunity to record outdoors. The album was recorded in three weeks, followed by two weeks of mixing at Advision Studios in London. Peart said that 2112 made the band sound confined in their sound, so for A Farewell to Kings, the group decided to write material that featured instruments they could play naturally as well as new ones, thus allowing them to play multiple instruments when performing on stage. As a result, A Farewell to Kings features Peart playing orchestra bells, tubular bells, chimes, and other percussion; Geddy Lee playing double neck bass (a Rickenbacker 4080) and Minimoog; and Alex Lifeson on new guitars and for the first time, a Moog Taurus bass pedal synthesizer (used by both Lee and Lifeson). Prior to recording, Rush completed a short tour in 1977 which saw the group perform "Xanadu" prior to recording. Apart from early ideas for "Closer to the Heart", the majority of the album was developed in the studio. In 2017, Lee considered the album as a particularly important one in regard to his musical development. "I learned a lot; I was learning a lot. I was always challenged and I was very stimulated and the end result was A Farewell to Kings, so I guess it was a pivotal record in that regard." A Farewell to Kings was the first Rush album where synthesizers were an integral part of their sound. ==Songs== ===Side one=== "A Farewell to Kings" features birds chirping that were recorded outside the studio. The title originated from an idea Peart had a year before Rush started work on the album, and recalled Lee and Rush manager Ray Danniels pushing him to work it into a song and make it the album's title. The track became one of the band's favourites because, as Peart wrote, "it seems to encapsulate everything that we want Rush to represent." "Xanadu" opens with birdsong that was also featured on the opening track. It is a fantasy-inspired song that Peart described as "the most complex and multi-textured piece we have ever attempted" at the time of recording. The opening line is taken from the poem Kubla Khan by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Initially, Peart had an idea based on Citizen Kane before he found Coleridge's poem, the lines of which "etched like a burning image in my head." On the day of recording the song, Rush initially played a run-through of the track to gauge the balance and tone that the microphones were picking up. They performed it a second time once the equipment was set up, and the take was used for the album. ===Side two=== "Closer to the Heart" was the first song Rush developed for A Farewell to Kings and for a time, was the album's early title. In a lyrical sense, Peart noted that as "A Farewell to Kings" deals with the idea of problems, "Closer to the Heart" addresses solutions. It is based on a verse by Peter Talbot, a friend of the group from Seattle who, in addition to being a writer, worked in the media. "Cinderella Man" features lyrics written by Lee with assistance from Lifeson, and based on Lee's thoughts and feelings from the romantic comedy film Mr. Deeds Goes to Town (1936), a favourite of his. "Madrigal" is a love ballad. The drums were recorded in an echo room. "Cygnus X-1 Book I: The Voyage" is a ten-minute science-fiction song in four distinct sections. The story takes place in outer space in the centre of a black hole named Cygnus X-1, where the character decides to take a closer look in his spaceship, the Rocinante. Peart was inspired by an article about black holes and their origin in Time magazine and went about researching the topic further. The song's arrangement was almost entirely devised by the time Rush had moved into Rockfield Studios. Lee thought that the science-fiction genre presented limitless ideas which gave the band the excuse to "use all your goofy, weird sounds because that's what's happening out in space." In the tourbook for A Farewell to Kings, Peart wrote that the group had already decided to conclude the story on their next album, which became Hemispheres (1978). It opens with the six-part sequel, "Cygnus X-1 Book II: Hemispheres", forming a song series with a combined length of 28 minutes. ==Cover== The cover was designed by longtime Rush collaborator Hugh Syme. He started on the design after Rush had begun recording the album. It features a composite photograph of a Buffalo, NY demolition site with the Harbour Castle Hotel in Toronto in the background, while the foreground depicts a retouched human figure that resembles a "grotesque puppet", all of which represents themes addressed in the title track. ==Release== A Farewell to Kings was released in September 1977. In the UK, Phonogram Inc. prepared an extensive advertising campaign for the album to increase the band's profile in the territory. In November 1977, A Farewell to Kings was one of three Rush albums to be certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for selling 500,000 copies. The others were 2112 and All the World's a Stage. == Reception and legacy == On release, Billboard wrote that "this trio has abated its heavy metal thunder somewhat for a lavishly orchestrated extravaganza that has a rock opera feel to it". AllMusic's Greg Prato gave the album four out of five stars, saying they "had improved their songwriting and strengthened their focus and musical approach". He took notice of the synthesizers that were creeping into the arrangements, "a direction the band would continue to pursue on future releases". He said "Xanadu" "remains an outstanding accomplishment all these years later". Conversely, Village Voice critic Robert Christgau gave the record a D grade, panning Rush as "the most obnoxious band currently making a killing on the zonked teen circuit", comparing them to bands such as Angel, Kansas, and Uriah Heep, "with vocals revved up an octave. Or two." In the Q & Mojo 2005 Classic Special Edition Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock, the album came in sixth in a list of "40 Cosmic Rock Albums".Q Classic: Pink Floyd & The Story of Prog Rock, 2005. In 2021, American funk metal band Primus embarked on their "A Tribute to Kings" Tour. At each show, Primus played their original material in the first set before covering the entire "A Farewell to Kings" album in their second set. The first leg began August 10, 2021 in Boise, Idaho, and ended October 25 in Phoenix, Arizona. The second leg began April 15, 2022 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and was finished June 25, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. ==Tour== Rush toured in support of the album from August 1977 to June 1978. Early into the tour, Rush headlined a sold out gig at the Exhibition Stadium in Toronto in August 1977 that was attended by over 22,000 people. In late 1977, tickets for a 16-date leg across the UK from February 1978 were announced which quickly sold out. ==Reissues== Year Label Format Notes 1986 Mercury CD, cassette Catalogue number: 822-546-2 M-1 1997 Anthem/Mercury CD Catalogue number: ANMD1079. As part of "The Rush Remasters" series. 2015 Anthem/Mercury LP, Blu-ray Catalogue number: B0022376-01. Digitally remastered, 200 g audiophile vinyl. Also available in 24-bit/96 kHz and 24-bit/192 kHz digital formats. 2017 Anthem/Mercury CD Catalogue number: B0027245-02. 40th anniversary edition. == Track listing == == Personnel == Rush *Geddy Lee – vocals, bass and twelve-string guitar, Minimoog, bass pedal synthesizers *Alex Lifeson – electric and acoustic six- and twelve-string guitars, classical guitar, bass pedal synthesizers *Neil Peart – drums, orchestra bells, wind chimes, bell tree, vibraslap, triangle, tubular bells, temple blocks Additional personnel *Terry Brown – spoken vocals on "Cygnus X-1 Book I: The Voyage" Production *Rush – production, arrangement *Terry Brown – production, arrangement, mixing *Terry Brown – recording engineer *Pat Moran – recording engineer *Declan O'Doherty – mixing assistant *Ken Thomas – mixing assistant *George Graves – mastering *Bob Ludwig – remastering *Brian Lee – remastering *Yosh Inouye – cover photography *Hugh Syme – art and graphic direction *Roger Stowell – sleeve photograph *Fin Costello – liner notes photograph ==Charts== Chart (1977-1978) Peak position == Certifications == == References == ==External links== * Category:Rush (band) albums Category:1977 albums Category:Anthem Records albums Category:Atlantic Records albums Category:Epic Records albums Category:Mercury Records albums Category:Sony Music albums Category:Albums produced by Terry Brown (record producer) Category:Albums recorded at Rockfield Studios
17329434	A Gent from Bear Creek	A Gent from Bear Creek is a collection of Western short stories by Robert E. Howard. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1937 by Herbert Jenkins. The first United States edition was published by Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. in 1965. The stories continue on from each other, like chapters in a book. ==Overview== The stories are humorously written as if told by Breckinridge Elkins, a hillbilly with no schooling. He and his kin live in the Humboldts in Nevada. Elkins is six feet six inches tall, is as strong as a grizzly bear, and he can be just as bad tempered if riled. And there is a lot to rile him, especially his relatives. Though a dead shot, he prefers to use his fists, feet, teeth, etc. In numerous fights he attacks whole groups of armed men and commits mayhem. No one actually dies but limbs are broken, jaws shattered, faces are trod on, skulls fractured, ribs broken, and so on. Even buildings do not always survive such an attack. He picks up many injuries himself, but being shot, getting many cuts with Bowie knives, head bashed with numerous objects, having his ear chewed, scratched up by a mountain lion he then threw into a room full of feuding men and such are just minor nuisances to him. He previously rode an old mule called Alexander, the only animal that could carry him till he came across Cap'n Kidd, his equine equivalent, and tamed him. Elkins is the only man tough enough to ride the giant, pugnacious horse. Glory McGraw (a local girl) is his sometimes love interest but he is often too dumb to see it. ==Contents== * "Striped Shirts and Busted Hearts" * "Mountain Man" * "Meet Cap'n Kidd" * "Guns of the Mountains" * "A Gent from Bear Creek" * "The Feud Buster" * "The Road to Bear Creek" * "The Scalp Hunter" * "Cupid From Bear Creek" * "The Haunted Mountain" * "Educate or Bust" * "War on Bear Creek" * "When Bear Creek Came to Chawed Ear" ==References== * * Category:1937 short story collections Category:Short story collections by Robert E. Howard
17373457	A Bayou Legend	A Bayou Legend is an American opera composed by William Grant Still, with a libretto by his wife and frequent collaborator, Verna Arvey. ==Plot== Set in a 20th-century Creole village in the Mississippi Delta, the opera focuses on the deadly revenge that the beautiful Clothilde enacts on Bazile, a handsome young man who does not return her expressions of love. When Clothilde discovers that Bazile has been in communication with Aurore, a spirit who identifies herself as Bazile's lover from a distant era, Clothilde threatens to have Bazile arrested for violating local religious customs. When Bazile continues to refuse to wed Clothilde, she arranges for a mob to have him lynched. In his death throes, however, Bazile's soul is united with Aurore; Clothilde lives out the remainder of her years as a bitter recluse. ==Productions== Still composed A Bayou Legend in 1941, but it was not professionally staged until 1974, when Opera/South in Jackson, Mississippi presented its world premiere, 33 years later. The company revived the opera in 1976, and in 1979 collaborated with the Mississippi Educational Television Authority to create a made-for-television film version. However, post-production problems delayed its broadcast until June 15, 1981. This marked the first time that an opera composed by an African American was broadcast on television. Leonard de Paur served as the Musical Director and Conductor. The opera was performed in 1976 in its West Coast Premier at East Los Angeles City College, featuring a mostly African-American professional cast, including Delcina Stevenson, conducted by Calvin Simmons, directed by Gary Fisher, and designed by Donald McAfee. This production shifted the time of the setting to the 1920s. Daniel Cariaga's review of the opera's premiere for the Los Angeles Times described it as "joyously and disarmingly melodious, dramatically effective and beautifully crafted...an attractive and poignant work." Still's widow and author of the libretto, Verna Arvey, attended the Los Angeles production. She was given a plaque honoring William Grant Still and said that the production had fully embodied the spirit of her husband's work. The New York Times review of the television production praised the opera as "simple but effective," and described the cast as "exceptionally handsome and talented." The production received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Achievement in Lighting Direction. To date, the televised production has not been commercially released on DVD. == Roles == Role Voice Type Cast (1981 Television Broadcast) Aurore Soprano Carmen Balthrop Bazile Tenor Gary Burgess Leonce Baritone Peter Lightfoot Clothilde Soprano Raeschelle Porter Father Lestant Bass Cullen Maiden Minstrel/First Blade Francois Clemmons Second Blade Irwin Reese Third Blade/MC Ben Holt First Woman Louise Clemons Second Woman Glennye Robinson Third Woman Dianne Wells Deacon Benny Reeves Warden Louis Beverly Second Man James Hawkins ==References== ==External links== *New York Times coverage of the television film version of the opera *William Grant Still Music, site with comprehensive information about him and his music *Interview, Transcript, African American Music Collection, University of Michigan *William Grant Still; Composer, Arranger, Conductor & Oboist, AfriClassical.com * (1941) Category:English-language operas Category:Operas by William Grant Still Category:Operas Category:1941 operas Category:1974 operas Category:Operas set in the United States
17381492	A Girl in Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)	"A Girl in Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)" is a song by Romeo Void released in 1984, from the Columbia album Instincts. It was the band's biggest hit and their only ever Top 40 hit single, peaking at number 35 on the Billboard Hot 100. A music video was also made for the song, which included themes of paint, social commentary, body image, art, and stop motion animation. It got some MTV airplay. ==Track listing== 7-inch #"A Girl in Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)" #"Going to Neon" 12-inch #"A Girl in Trouble (Is a Temporary Thing)" (Dance Mix) #"Six Days and One" == Charts == Chart (1984/85) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 74 US Billboard Hot 100 35 Us Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks 17 Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play 11 ==References== Category:1984 songs Category:1984 singles Category:Romeo Void songs Category:Columbia Records singles Category:Song recordings produced by David Kahne Category:Songs written by David Kahne Category:Songs written by Debora Iyall
17435610	A Girl in Every Port	A Girl in Every Port may refer to: *A Girl in Every Port (1928 film), starring Victor McLaglen, Robert Armstrong, and Louise Brooks *A Girl in Every Port (1952 film), featuring Groucho Marx, Marie Wilson, and William Bendix
17488265	A Boy and His Dog (1946 film)	A Boy and His Dog is a 1946 American Technicolor short drama film directed by LeRoy Prinz. It won an Oscar at the 19th Academy Awards in 1947 for Best Short Subject (Two-Reel). Short-story author Samuel A. Derieux, who died twenty-four years earlier in 1922, received story credit for the film, suggesting to some the expectation that he wrote a work with the title "A Boy and His Dog"."Samuel Arthur Derieux ... was the author of: ... Comet (1921), A Boy and His Dog (? )..." "Frank of Freedom Hill (Dodo Press) -- Paperback", "Editorial Reviews", on Amazon.Com However, a plot summary for the film, attributed to David Glagovsky,https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0038379/plotsummary "Plot Summary for A Boy and His Dog (1946)" at IMDb closely parallels Derieux's short story "The Trial in Tom Belcher's Store", suggesting the film-makers drew on the published (and once celebrated)"The Trial in Tom Belcher's Store" pp. 214-231, O. Henry Memorial Award Prize Stories of 1919 story, but gave the film a title Derieux need not ever have considered. It is entirely unrelated to Harlan Ellison's 1969 novella cycle as well as its 1975 film adaptation of the same name. ==Cast== * Harry Davenport as Squire Jim Kirby * Billy Sheffield as Davy Allen * Dorothy Adams as Mrs. Allen * Russell Simpson as Mr. Thornycroft * Eddie Waller as Sheriff * and Fleeta as Buck [a Bluetick Coonhound] ;Unbilled *Truman Bradley (narrator) *Heinie Conklin (townsman at meeting) *Jack Mower (Tom Belcher, store owner) ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:1946 films Category:1946 drama films Category:1946 short films Category:American drama films Category:Films about dogs Category:Live Action Short Film Academy Award winners Category:Films scored by William Lava Category:Warner Bros. short films Category:Films directed by LeRoy Prinz Category:1940s English-language films Category:1940s American films
1753261	A Biographical Dictionary of Civil Engineers	A Biographical Dictionary of Civil Engineers in Great Britain and Ireland discusses the lives of the people who were concerned with building harbours and lighthouses, undertook fen drainage and improved river navigations, built canals, roads, bridges and early railways, and provided water supply facilities. Volume One, published in 2002, covers the years from 1500 to 1830, while Volume Two, published in 2008, covers 1830 to 1890. The principal editor of the first volume was Professor A. W. Skempton, and the entries were written by a number of specialist historians. An 18-page introduction in the first volume discusses the practice of civil engineering from 1500-1830. The work concludes with appendices discussing wages, costs and inflation, a chronology of major civil engineering works, and indices of places and names. Volume Two's introduction discusses the practice of civil engineering from 1830-1890. ==See also== *List of civil engineers ==References== * * Category:2002 non- fiction books Civil Engineers, Biographical Dictionary of Category:British biographical dictionaries
17626091	A Healing House of Prayer	A Healing House of Prayer contains daily readings for a month, each day covering a different theme. In addition readings for feast days and holy days are included with a number devoted to various aspects of healing. An example: C. S. Lewis said: Category:Morris Maddocks Category:Hodder & Stoughton books Category:1987 books
17987485	A Kingdom for Keflings	A Kingdom for Keflings is a video game developed by NinjaBee for the Xbox Live Arcade which was released on November 19, 2008. It was later ported to Microsoft Windows on March 20, 2010. ==Gameplay== In the game, the player takes on a role of a giant in the land of the Keflings. Keflings are a small race of human-like creatures; similar to elves or gnomes. It becomes the job of the player to aid the Keflings in creating their kingdom. This is accomplished by building various structures, collecting resources, and managing the work of the Keflings. The Keflings will aid the player in gathering resources (wood, crystals, wool, and stone) and transporting them to various buildings for use in producing other buildings. Some buildings convert the resources into other products for use in building more complex structures. It is the first Xbox 360 title to allow full avatar player control in the New Xbox Experience. The game has been described as having "dashes of SimCity and Black & White". Its resource gathering system is comparable to The Settlers. The main goal of the game is to complete the castle, thereby producing a King or Queen of the Keflings. The game, however, does not stop, and appears to officially never end, allowing the player to continue building more structures and gather more resources. There are four characters available for use in the game, all having slightly different starting statistics. As a fifth option, the player may also use their Xbox Live Avatar as their character. The multiplayer mode is the same as the single player mode, except that up to four players may be in the game at once. The game play is drop-in/drop-out format, allowing many players to be a part of one kingdom. While visiting an online game, players may build banner towers that display their gamer picture for all players who visit that game to view. The host of an online game has the option to kick any other player that has joined the game. When a player is kicked, their game is split from the original hosted game - they get an entire copy of the world as it is, the other players appear to leave and the kicked player is left alone hosting the new game. Only the host may save an online game. ==Development, release, and marketing== A Kingdom For Keflings was released on the Xbox 360 on November 19, 2008. On November 13, 2009, Ninjabee announced that the game would be coming to the PC as well, it was released for Windows on March 20, 2010. Sales were close to 610,000 units as of year-end 2011. A Kingdom for Keflings has two DLC packages: Kingdom Pack 1 and Kingdom Pack 2. Both were released on December 9, 2009. Each pack contains two new kingdoms for players to develop. Kingdom Pack 1 contains the Orchard Kingdom and Kingdom Crossroads. Kingdom Pack 2 contains Relic Kingdom and Central Kingdom. The Kingdoms in the second pack are said to be of a higher difficulty. The game features a set of five different songs that play dynamically according to the current season and the state of the village. They form a set of joyful and relaxing songs, said to be quite catchy and adding a lot of appeal to the game. At the request of fans, the developer has made the songs available for download. ==Reception== The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. ==Sequel== A sequel entitled A World of Keflings was released on December 22, 2010. The sequel increases the focus on storyline, offers "multiple kingdoms to explore, each with its own climate, resources, and culture" and includes local multiplayer. It sold over 224,000 copies as of year-end 2011. On March 13, 2013, developer NinjaBee announced that the sequel had just been re-released, at the time, for the Games Store on Windows 8, and for the Wii U's Nintendo eShop later in the year. ==References== ==External links== *Official website * Category:2008 video games Category:City-building games Category:Microsoft games Category:NinjaBee games Category:Video games developed in the United States Category:Windows games Category:Xbox 360 games Category:Xbox 360 Live Arcade games Category:Multiplayer and single-player video games
18040146	A Boy Called Hate	A Boy Called Hate is a 1995 American crime drama film starring Scott Caan, his father James Caan, Missy Crider, Adam Beach and Elliott Gould. It was the first film directed by Mitch Marcus, who also wrote the screenplay. ==Plot== Steve (Scott Caan) is a maladjusted Los Angeles teenager who renames himself "Hate" following a run-in with the local police. He lives with his father (James Caan), who is bilking a former employer in a workers compensation fraud scheme. One evening while taking a motorcycle ride, Hate witnesses what appears to be an attempted rape. He shoots the would-be attacker and takes off with Cindy, the young girl being assaulted (Missy Crider). It turns out that the rapist is an assistant district attorney (Elliott Gould), who survives the shooting and falsely reports that he was the victim of a robbery. Hate and Cindy leave Los Angeles, but their situation deteriorates when Hate fatally shoots a motorcycle officer whom he mistakenly believes has come to arrest him.Variety review ==Critical reaction== A Boy Called Hate had a brief theatrical release in June 1996 and received mixed reviews. Peter Stack, reviewing the film for the San Francisco Chronicle, suggested that "Two aspects of A Boy Called Hate are definitely worth the trip to the Lumiere, where the film opens today: James Caan's look-alike son, Scott, plays the lead role, and writer-director Mitch Marcus succeeds in capturing the grim essence of Los Angeles' arid outskirts as a tacky wasteland." Ella Taylor, reviewing the film for the LA Weekly wrote, "Mitch Marcus' first feature is living proof that the most fatigued of plots (young lovers-on-the-run-plus-gun) can be recharged by a director who understands the difference between exploration and exploitation." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1995 films Category:1995 crime drama films Category:American crime drama films Category:1990s English-language films Category:Films directed by Mitch Marcus Category:1990s American films
18101562	A Favorita	A Favorita (English: The Favorite) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast TV Globo. It premiered 2 June 2008 to 17 January 2009 with a total number of episodes of 197. It is created by João Emanuel Carneiro and directed by Ricardo Waddington. It is also the first telenovela by the writer to air in the 9 pm timeslot. A Favorita storylines examine two friends, Donatela and Flora, who became rivals. One of them committed a crime and is lying, so there are two versions of the same story. The telenovela was originally screened as six episodes per week, from Monday to Saturday, with an average running time of one hour. A Favorita has remained significant in terms of Rede Globo's success and audience share, and also in Brazilian television drama history, tackling many controversial and taboo issues previously unseen on mainstream television in Brazil. It made history for being the first telenovela where the public did not know who was the villain and who was telling the truth. Cláudia Raia, Patrícia Pillar, Murilo Benício, Mariana Ximenes, Lília Cabral, Taís Araújo, Deborah Secco, Carmo Dalla Vecchia, Glória Menezes, Mauro Mendonça and Tarcísio Meira in the leading roles. In August 2014, Globo Marcas released an edited version of the telenovela in DVD format. ==Plot== Donatela and Flora, two friends who became rivals. One of them committed a homicide and pretends to be innocent. There are two versions for the same story. Who, after all, is telling the truth? Donatela or Flora? Donatela and Flora grew up together. Donatela lost her parents in an accident and ended up being adopted by Flora's family. By the time they were children, the two girls were best friends to the point of starting a country band, “Faísca e Espoleta” (Flash and Fusee). The partnership made a reasonable success at the time, but the career was interrupted after they met friends Marcelo and Dodi, to whom they became engaged. Donatela married Marcelo, Gonçalo Fontini's son, heir of a paper and cellulose corporation, while Flora married Dodi, an unscrupulous man who worked for his friend's father. However, Donatela and Marcelo's happiness didn't last too long. The couple's first son, Matheus, was kidnapped when he was six months old, never to appear again. Since then the couple started to argue very often. In the meantime, Flora and Dodi split up and she had an affair with Marcelo. She gave birth to Lara, daughter to Marcelo, harming even more his relationship with Donatela and mostly the relationship between the two friends. In the worst period of the crisis between Donatela and Flora, Marcelo was murdered. He was shot three times with a gun that, according to witnesses, was in Flora's possession. She was arrested and sent to jail for eighteen years. Donatela, despite not forgiving Flora for the treason and for killing the love of her life, raised Lara with the love of a true mother. Eighteen years later, after being released from prison, Flora starts trying to prove her innocence, blaming Donatela for the crime she has already paid for. Donatela fears that Flora may want to take her beloved daughter Lara away. Lara becomes the target of the dispute between the two women, who were once friends. While Flora tries to get her daughter back, Donatela will do everything she can to stop her. == Cast == Actor Character Patrícia Pillar Flora Pereira da Silva; Main Villain (Ends up in jail under a 40-year sentence for all her crimes) Cláudia Raia Donatela Pinto Fontini Murilo Benício Dodi (Eduardo Gentil); Villain (Killed by Flora) Mariana Ximenes Lara Pereira Fontini Deborah Secco Maria do Céu Ferreira / Pâmela Queiroz Taís Araújo Alícia Rosa Carmo Dalla Vecchia Zé Bob (José Roberto Duarte) Cauã Reymond Halley Gonzaga da Silva / Mateus Fontini Thiago Rodrigues Cassiano Copola Mendonça José Mayer Augusto César Glória Menezes Irene Fontini Tarcísio Meira Copola Ângela Vieira Arlete Salvador Christine Fernandes Rita Porto Chico Diaz Átila Mendonça Lília Cabral Catarina Copola Monteiro Giulia Gam Diva Palhares (Rosana Costa/Kato/Miranda) Ary Fontoura Silveirinha (Francisco Silveira) Mauro Mendonça Gonçalo Fontini; (Killed by Flora) Milton Gonçalves Romildo Rosa Cláudia Ohana Cida Copola (Maria Aparecida Marelo Copola) Elizângela Cilene (Jucilene Maria Gonzaga) Genézio de Barros Pedro Pereira da Silva Iran Malfitano Orlandinho (Orlando Queiroz) Leonardo Medeiros Elias Filho Mário Gomes Gurgel (Francisco Gurgel) Paula Burlamaqui Stela Suzana Faini Iolanda Marelo Copola Rosi Campos Tuca (Tereza) Alexandre Schumacher Norton Aramis Trindade Clemente Malvino Salvador Damião Salvador Rosa Bel Kutner Amelinha (Amélia Mendonça Gurgel) Emanuelle Araújo Manu (Manuela Ferreira) Clarice Falcão Mariana Copola Monteiro Fabrício Boliveira Didu (Eduardo Rosa) Helena Ranaldi Dedina Gisele Fróes Lorena Copola Mendonça Giovanna Ewbank Sharon (Maria do Perpétuo Socorro) Graziella Schmidtt Tina Jackson Antunes Leonardo Monteiro (Léo); Villain (Ends in jail) Jean Pierre Noher Pepe Molinos Miguel Rômulo Shiva Lênin Costa Rui Resende Pereira Selma Egrei Dulce Porto Raquel Galvão Melissa Ana Roberta Gualda Greice Ferreira da Silva Thiaré Maia Luma Alexandre Nero Vanderlei Luiz Bacelli Darcy Queiroz Cleide Queiroz Antônia Eduardo Mello Domênico Copola Monteiro Hanna Romanazzi Camila Porto Renan Mayer Tiago Mendonça Gurgel Sofia Terra Carolina Mendonça Gurgel === Guest stars === Juliana Paes Maíra Carvalho; (Killed by Flora) Walmor Chagas Dr. Salvatore; (Killed by Flora) Flávio Tolezani Marcelo Fontini (Killed by Flora) Nelson Xavier Edivaldo Ferreira da Silva Suely Franco Geralda Queiroz Faustão Himself ==Soundtracks== A Favorita has released three official soundtrack albums: one composed mostly of Brazilian songs (Nacional - "national" soundtrack), one mostly of international songs (Internacional), and a third one, with sertanejo music (a kind of Brazilian country music). *Nacional soundtrack # "É o Que Me Interessa" - Lenine (Flora's theme) # "Amado" - Vanessa da Mata (Lara and Cassiano's / Lara and Halley's theme) # "Sou Dela" - Nando Reis (Lara's theme) # "Não Vou Me Adaptar" - - Arnaldo Antunes and Nando Reis (Didu's theme) # "Quantas Vidas Você Tem?" - Paulinho Moska (Rita and Didu's theme) # "Fala" - Ritchie (Augusto César's theme) # "Tudo Passa" - Túlio Dek (Halley's theme) # "Pa' Bailar" - Bajofondo (opening theme) # "Mulher Sem Razão" - Adriana Calcanhotto (Donatela and Zé Bob's theme) # "Morena dos Olhos d'água" - Chico Buarque # "O Tempo Vai Apagar" - Zé Renato (Rita's theme) # "Me Abrace (Abrázame)" - Camila & Wanessa Camargo (Stela's theme) *Internacional soundtrack # "Viva La Vida" - Coldplay (general theme) # "Bottle It Up" - Sara Bareilles (Dedina and Damião's theme) # "I'm Yours" - Jason Mraz (Cassiano's theme) # "Carry You Home" - James Blunt (Augusto César's theme) # "Love is Noise" - The Verve # "That's Not My Name" - The Ting Tings (Alícia's theme) # "Blame" - Tiago Iorc (Halley's theme) # "Fidelity" - Regina Spektor (Lara's theme) # "Sweet About Me" - Gabriella Cilmi # "No Substitute Love" - Estelle (location theme) # "Baby When the Light" - David Guetta (Orlandinho's theme / nightclub theme) # "Pumpkin Soup" - Kate Nash (location theme) # "Young Folks" - Peter Bjorn and John ==Impact== ===Ratings=== Timeslot # Ep. Premiere Premiere Finale Finale Rank Season Rating average Date Premiere Rating Date Finale Rating MondaysSaturdays 8:45pm 197 35 52 #1 2008-09 40Viver a Vida" tem pior audiência da década e recorde de merchandising|data=9 de maio de 2010 In his first chapter, A Favorita recorded 35 points and 49% share, with the worst debut of a 8PM telenovela to date. These ratings are low due to the good performance of the final chapter of Caminhos do Coração, displayed simultaneously. The ratings varied greatly over the weeks, until in Chapter 56, the telenovela recorded his record: 46 points and 65% share. Lowest audience was recorded on New Year's Eve: 25 points with a peak of 32.'A Favorita' marca 40 no primeiro dia do ano. Veja as audiências In the final chapters, showed better performance: 52 points/76% share in the penultimate chapter; and 52 points/69.4% share in the last chapter, being the most watched broadcasts of recent years in Brazilian television. == Awards == Year Award Category Recipient 2008 Prêmio Qualidade Brasil Best Telenovela A Favorita 2008 Prêmio Qualidade Brasil Best Writer João Emanuel Carneiro 2008 Prêmio Qualidade Brasil Best director Ricardo Waddington 2008 Prêmio Qualidade Brasil Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio Qualidade Brasil Best Supporting Actress Lília Cabral 2008 Troféu Raça Negra Best Actor Milton Gonçalves 2008 Troféu Raça Negra Best Supporting Actor Fabrício Boliveira 2008 Prêmio Extra de Televisão de 2008 Best Telenovela A Favorita 2008 Prêmio Extra de Televisão de 2008 Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio Extra de Televisão de 2008 Best Supporting Actor Cauã Reymond 2008 Prêmio Extra de Televisão de 2008 Best Child Actor/Actress Eduardo Mello 2008 Prêmio Extra de Televisão de 2008 Best Theme Song "Amado" (Vanessa da Mata) 2008 18º Prêmio FestNatal — Os Favoritos do Público Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio APCA Best Author João Emanuel Carneiro 2008 Prêmio APCA Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio QUEM Acontece 2008 Best Author João Emanuel Carneiro 2008 Prêmio QUEM Acontece 2008 Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 ISTOÉ Gente — Personalidade do Ano Personality of Year Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio UOL e PopTevê de Televisão Best Telenovela A Favorita 2008 Prêmio UOL e PopTevê de Televisão Best Actor Murilo Benício 2008 Prêmio UOL e PopTevê de Televisão Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Prêmio UOL e PopTevê de Televisão Best Newcomer Miguel Rômulo 2008 Prêmio TV Press Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Melhores do Ano 2008 — Domingão do Faustão Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2008 Melhores do Ano 2008 — Domingão do Faustão Best Actor Murilo Benício 2008 Melhores do Ano 2008 — Domingão do Faustão Best Supporting Actor Cauã Reymond 2008 Melhores do Ano 2008 — Domingão do Faustão Best Newcomer Miguel Rômulo 2009 Prêmio IG Gente Novela imperdível A Favorita 2009 Prêmio IG Gente Brilliant Actress Patrícia Pillar 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Best Telenovela A Favorita 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Best Actor Murilo Benício 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Best Supporting Actor Ary Fontoura 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Best Villain Patrícia Pillar 2009 Prêmio Minha Novela Cena de novela do ano Murder of Gonçalo Fontini 2009 Prêmio Faz Diferença — Jornal O Globo Revista da TV João Emanuel Carneiro 2009 Troféu Imprensa Best Telenovela A Favorita 2009 Troféu Imprensa Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2009 Troféu Imprensa Best Actor Cauã Reymond and Murilo Benício 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Newcomer Alexandre Nero 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Actress Patrícia Pillar 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Actor Cauã Reymond 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Director Ricardo Waddington 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Author João Emanuel Carneiro 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Telenovela A Favorita 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Supporting Actor Ary Fontoura 2009 Prêmio Contigo Best Child Actor Eduardo Mello 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 2009 ==References== ==External links== *Subtitled episodes * *A Favorita (Brazilian Website) (in Portuguese) Category:2008 telenovelas Category:2008 Brazilian television series debuts Category:2009 Brazilian television series endings Category:Brazilian LGBT-related television shows Category:TV Globo telenovelas Category:Telenovelas by João Emanuel Carneiro Category:Portuguese-language telenovelas Category:Child abduction in television
18167014	A British Picture	A British Picture is the autobiography of the English film director, Ken Russell. Its title was changed to Altered States in the United States. When the author, Tony Fletcher, requested an interview with Russell as reference for his biography of the Who drummer, Keith Moon, Russell replied that he had already said everything he wanted to say about Moon in A British Picture. The book at no point mentions Moon. ==Documentary== In 1989, Russell also made a documentary film about himself entitled A British Picture. ==Notes== ==External links== *A British Picture at IMDb *A British Picture At BFI Category:2008 non-fiction books Category:Show business memoirs Category:British autobiographies
18171042	A Chrestomathy	A Chrestomathy is a retrospective two-CD compilation of songs by Dave Van Ronk released in 1992. Its liner notes explain the title: "CHRES-TO-MA-THY: a selection of choice passages. WHICH MEANS THIS IS A SELECTION OF CHOICE WORKS FROM MORE THAN THIRTY YEARS OF DAVE'S MUSIC ON RECORDS." Van Ronk recorded for many record labels. This compilation was released by Gazell Records. ==Reception== Writing for Allmusic, critic William Ruhlman wrote of the album "his affection for the pop music of his childhood ("Two Sleepy People," sung with Christine Lavin, "Swinging on a Star"), makes for a more varied chrestomathy than those who think of Dave Van Ronk simply as a folksinger might expect. It's hard to summarize more than three decades in the career of a steadily working musician in less than two hours, even one who recorded in as piecemeal a fashion as this one, but this compilation does a good job." ==Track listing== ===Disc 1=== *Tracks 10-15 originally on The Hudson Dusters ===Disc 2=== *Track 1 originally on Songs for Ageing Children *Tracks 2-4 originally on The Ragtime Jug Stompers *Track 9 originally on Peter and the Wolf *Tracks 10-11 originally on Let No One Deceive You ==References== Category:1990 compilation albums Category:Dave Van Ronk compilation albums
18182309	A Gate Through Bloodstained Mirrors	A Gate Through Bloodstained Mirrors is a 2001 demo by the American black metal one-man-band Xasthur. Reviews of that release, first published by Profane Productions as a limited CD-R edition of 150 copies, proved to be positive, comparing the material to old Graveland and Burzum. With the increasing cult status of Xasthur, the demo was reissued by Total Holocaust Records, featuring a different mix and track list (CD and cassette, 2004). This edition was also published as a double-12" vinyl release by Debemur Morti Productions (2004) and finally by Hydra Head Records (double-CD release, the second CD containing further rare material, 2008). The record is rumored to have influenced at least one suicide. ==Track listing of the original demo (2001)== #Intro – 01:16 #Moon Shrouded in Misery, Part 1 – 6:46 #Suicide in Dark Serenity – 10:39 #Dwell Beneath the Woods of Evil – 5:14 #Cursed Be the Memory of Light – 7:04 #Possession of Desolate Magick – 5:40 #Storms of Red Revenge – 4:16 #A Spell Within the Winds – 4:34 #Summon the End of Time – 4:52 #Gate Through Bloodstained Mirrors – 8:32 #Kingdom of Burning Crucifixions – 4:21 #Moon Shrouded in Misery, Part 2 – 1:47 #Black Spell of Destruction / Channeling the Power of Souls Into a New God – 7:34 Burzum cover. ==Total Holocaust Records release (2004)== For this first official release as a regular CD, all the tracks of the demo (which was originally published in mono) were remixed in 2003. The remixed version was used for the vinyl and double-CD editions (2004 and 2008). ===Track listing=== #Intro (1:25) #Moon Shrouded In Misery (Part I) – 7:19 #Suicide In Dark Serenity – 12:27 #Dwelling Beneath The Woods – 5:29 #Cursed Be The Memory Of Light – 7:28 #Possession Of Desolate Magick – 5:47 #Spell Within The Winds – 4:47 #Storms Of Red Revenge – 2:45 #Eternal Empire Of Majesty Death – 7:17 #A Gate Through Bloodstained Mirrors – 8:40 #Kingdom Of Burning Crucifixions – 4:43 #Moon Shrouded In Misery (Part II) – 2:09 #Black Spell Of Destruction (Version I) – 6:14 #Lost Behind Bloodstained Mirrors (Outro) – 0:45 Notes: Track 9 is a Mütiilation cover. Track 13 is a Burzum cover. ==Release history== Country Date Label Format Catalog Nr. United States September 12, 2001 Ma-Kahru / Profane Productions mono CD-R (150 copies) profanecdr 001 Sweden 2004 Total Holocaust Records Remastered cassette thr-048 Sweden 2004 Total Holocaust Records Remastered CD (1000 copies) thr-050 France August 31, 2004 Debemur Morti Prod. Remastered double-12" (500 copies) DMP0003 United States January 29, 2008 Hydra Head Records double CD HH666-150 ==References== ==External links== * album page on Xasthur's official website * album page on Encyclopaedia Metallum * original release on discogs.com * 2004 CD reissue on discogs.com * 2004 double-vinyl reissue on discogs.com * 2008 double-CD reissue on discogs.com Category:Xasthur albums Category:2001 albums
182116	A Fantasy Love Affair	A Fantasy Love Affair is the debut album by Peter Brown. The album was recorded in 1976-77 and released in 1978. It was mastered by Ted Jensen of Sterling Sound. It charted #9 on Billboard's R&B; charts and #11 on the Pop chart. It was successful on the disco charts as well and spawned four singles, three of which were hits, including "Do Ya Wanna Get Funky with Me" and "Dance with Me". In the UK the album was titled Do You Wanna Get Funky with Me and featured a backlit silhouette of a nude woman standing in a window as its sleeve cover. Brown also photographed the album's somewhat controversial cover and revealed, in a 1978 interview in Rolling Stone, that he had created the cover's nude model out of cardboard, sheer fabric and ribbons. Until then, no one ever suspected it was not a real person. The album peaked at number 50 in Australia. The album was later reissued on Collectables Records. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Peter Brown - lead vocals, synthesizer, guitar, piano, electric piano, drums, percussion, timbales, arrangements *Tom Dziallo - guitar, bass guitar *Steve Gordon - guitar *Paul Ricupero - guitar, backing vocals *Robert Rans - piano *Michael Smith - alto saxophone *Valerie Von Pechy - harp *Wildflower, Betty Wright, Pat Hurley - backing vocals *Bert Dovo - string and horn arrangements, conductor *Gene Orloff - concertmaster ==External links== * Peter Brown-A Fantasy Love Affair at Discogs * Peter Brown-A Fantasy Love Affair at Allmusic.Com ==References== Category:1978 debut albums Category:Peter Brown (singer) albums
18237033	A Beautiful Child	A Beautiful Child () is the best selling non-fiction book by author Matt Birkbeck published by Berkley/Penguin in 2004 and in paperback in 2005. It tells the story of a young woman known by many names, including Sharon Marshall, who was kidnapped as a toddler and raised by a convicted felon, Franklin Delano Floyd. The book was also published in several foreign countries, including Denmark, Germany and Poland. A Beautiful Child spurred numerous web sites dedicated to finding Sharon's true identity. Through suggestions from those sites along with reader suggestions from around the world, Birkbeck, in partnership with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, conducted DNA testing on relatives of several girls who went missing in the early 1970s. World-wide interest in the book kept the Sharon Marshall story alive and led to the discovery by Birkbeck of her biological daughter, who had been placed for adoption in 1989. Sharon's DNA was believed to have been degraded, but testing comparisons to her daughter provided a positive match and her DNA was placed into CODIS, the FBI's database. Continued interest in the book lead the NCMEC to reopen its investigation in 2011. The NCMEC then recruited the FBI in Oklahoma City and two agents, using the book and other resources as their guides, interviewed Franklin Floyd in prison in Florida, where he provided Sharon's true identity. In July 2014, DNA testing positively identified Sharon as Suzanne Sevakis, the daughter of a woman Floyd briefly married in the mid-1970s. Floyd kidnapped Suzanne and her siblings when their mother was incarcerated for 30 days. Suzanne's son Michael, after being kidnapped from his elementary school by Floyd in 1994, has never been located, but Floyd admitted during the FBI interviews that he killed him shortly after the kidnapping. == Sequel == Finding Sharon () is the sequel to A Beautiful Child published in 2018 that tells the story of the ten-year effort by the author Matt Birkbeck, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and the FBI to learn the true identity of Sharon Marshall and the fate of her son Michael Hughes. ==References== ==External links== *Cold Case Investigation - Solving a Decades-Old Mystery (FBI) Category:American biographies Category:2004 non- fiction books Category:Works about kidnapping
18385446	A Frames (band)	A Frames were an American experimental rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1999. The trio consisted of Erin Sullivan, Min Yee and Lars Finberg. Finberg left the band in 2006 to focus on his other project, The Intelligence, and was replaced by Tommy Northcutt who remained with the band thereafter. The band was called Bend Sinister from 1996 to 1999. A Frames cites Cows, Scientists, Stick Men With Ray Guns, Scratch Acid, Joy Division, and 60's garage rock among its influences. A Frames started its own label, Dragnet Records, in January 2000 in order to release their music, and later the band signed with Sub Pop Records in 2004 for the release of Black Forest. ==Band members== *Erin Sullivan: vocalist, guitarist *Min Yee: bassist *Lars Finberg: drums (1999 - 2006) *Thomas Northcut: drums (2006 - 2010) ==Musical style== A Frames sing about technology and apocalyptic cultural shifts, although many of the lyrics and themes are meant to be humorous. The band's style has also been described as experimental noise as the vocals are dark, monotone and bleak while the sound is aggressive. The drum beat is often mechanical and pounding, producing a raw, minimalistic sound. The sloppy, chaotic and sharp chords, however, are kept in line by the ever-steady rhythm. ==Discography== ===Singles=== * "Neutron Bomb/Radiation Generation/Test Tube Baby" 7" (2000, Dragnet Records) * "Plastica/Hospital" 7" (2001) (S-S Records) * "Crutches/Membrane/Weissensee (Neu!)" 7" (2003, Royal Records) * "Complications/Frankenstein" 7" (2004, S-S Records) * "Police 1000/Traction" 7" (2006, S-S Records) ===Albums=== * A-Frames LP/CD (2002, S-S Records, Dragnet, re-issued on Born Bad Records, France in 2007) * 2 LP/CD (2003, S-S Records, re-issued on Born Bad Records, France in 2007) * Black Forest LP/CD (2005, Sub Pop Records) ===Compilations appearances=== *"Bumble Bee" on Babyhead LP, (S-S Records, 2004) *"X.M.A.S." on Surprise Package CD (Flying Bomb Records) *"I Wanna Hurt" on The Necessary Effect CD (Xeroid Records) ==References== ==External links== *S-S Records Website *S-S Records MySpace *Zerodent interview with Erin Sullivan Category:American post-punk music groups Category:Sub Pop artists Category:Musical groups from Washington (state) Category:Musical groups established in 1999 Category:1999 establishments in Washington (state)
18397636	A Fool and His Money (1925 film)	A Fool and His Money is a 1925 American silent romantic drama film starring William Haines and Madge Bellamy and is based on a novel by George Barr McCutcheon. The film was directed by Erle C. Kenton and was filmed before in 1920. That version starred Eugene O'Brien and Rubye De Remer.Progressive Silent Film List: A Fool His Money at silentera.comThe AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Fool and His Money It was remade as the sound film A Royal Romance in 1930. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1925 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films directed by Erle C. Kenton Category:1925 romantic drama films Category:Columbia Pictures films Category:Lost American films Category:American romantic drama films Category:Films set in Europe Category:Lost romantic drama films Category:1920s American films Category:Silent romantic drama films Category:Silent American drama films
18548314	A Cat Abroad	A Cat Abroad is the second short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold. It was preceded by The Cat Who Went to Paris and followed by The Cat Who'll Live Forever: The Final Adventures of Norton, the Perfect Cat, and His Imperfect Human. A Cat Abroad documents Gether's and Norton's time living in a foreign country and describes not only their relationship and experiences but also the intricacies and difficulties of living in a small hamlet in a foreign country. Category:Scottish Fold Category:1993 American novels Category:American autobiographical novels Category:Novels about cats Category:American memoirs
1861460	A Fine Romance (1981 TV series)	A Fine Romance is a British situation comedy starring husband-and-wife team Judi Dench and Michael Williams. The series was nominated for ten BAFTA British Academy Television Awards and was a winner of two for Dench's performances in 1982 and 1985. == Cast == Judi Dench starred as the female lead, Laura, against Michael Williams as the male lead, Mike. Laura's matchmaking sister and brother-in-law were played by Susan Penhaligon and Richard Warwick, respectively. == Creatives, production, and broadcast == A Fine Romance was written by Bob Larbey, and took its name from the Jerome Kern song, "A Fine Romance". Judi Dench recorded the song as the theme music of the production. It was produced for London Weekend Television by James Cellan Jones (series one and two), Don Leaver (series three and four), and Graham Evans (one episode in series four). It was first broadcast on 1November 1981, and lasted for twentysix episodes over four series. The final episode was broadcast on 17February 1984. == Plot == The series follows the unlikely romance between Laura Dalton (Judi Dench), a translator, and Mike Selway (Michael Williams), a landscape gardener. Both are approaching middle-age, shy, content with being single, but with their own insecurities and career struggles. Laura's younger sister, Helen (Susan Penhaligon), and her husband Phil (Richard Warwick), are incurable matchmakers, and at one of their parties, they introduce her to Mike. Laura thinks Mike is nervous and boring but they agree to feign interest in one another so they can escape the party. However, as the first series develops, they are drawn to each other and begin a relationship. The series follows the development of their relationship, although bad luck dogs them, from a dinner in France that does not turn out as expected, to a failed romantic evening watching television. They become estranged at the end of the third series, but find they cannot live without one another, and so get engaged in the last episode of the final series. == Episodes == The following are the titles of each of the episodes in the four series, with the date of original airing given in parentheses. == Home releases == All four series of A Fine Romance have been released on DVD by Network, with release dates as follows. Series Release date One 23January 2006 Two 17April 2006 Three 14August 2006 Four 16October 2006 One to four box set 16October 2006 == Awards and recognition == The series was nominated for ten BAFTA British Academy Television Awards, including four nominations for Best Comedy Series. It won twice for performances by Dench, in 1982 and 1985. == Footnotes == == References == == External links == * * * Category:1981 British television series debuts Category:1984 British television series endings Category:1980s British sitcoms Category:English-language television shows Category:ITV sitcoms Category:London Weekend Television shows Category:1980s British romance television series
18683322	A Hundred Million Suns	A Hundred Million Suns is the fifth album by Scottish-Northern Irish alternative rock band Snow Patrol. The album was written by Snow Patrol and was produced by longtime producer Jacknife Lee, who has previously produced albums for Bloc Party, R.E.M., and U2. The songs were recorded through the summer of 2008 in Hansa Studios in Berlin and Grouse Lodge Studios in Ireland. The album was released in Ireland on 24 October 2008, on 25 October in Australia, on 27 October in the United Kingdom and the rest of Europe and in the US on 28 October. ==Recording and production== The band wanted to make an album more quickly than they had done the last time. Appears as: ""This time around we wanted to make the album quicker than we did the last time," says bassist Paul Wilson." By the time Snow Patrol ended their Eyes Open Tour, Lightbody had approximately 220 songs written on GarageBand. During the recording process, the band narrowed them down to approximately 30 songs, of which about 20 were eventually recorded. Apart from Lightbody, Nathan Connolly and Paul Wilson too had written songs. The band listened to albums from artists like Fleet Foxes, Wolf Parade and Sigur Rós during the process. In an interview after the Eyes Open Tour, it became known that the band wished to record their next studio album amidst "sun-drenched" surroundings. Band members Quinn and Simpson mentioned Hawaii and Brazil as possible locations. The album was finally recorded in two studios, Hansa Studios in Berlin and Grouse Lodge Studio in County Westmeath, Ireland through the Summer of 2008, with producer Garret "Jacknife" Lee. The album was a departure from Snow Patrol's earlier productions. Lightbody said he wanted to make a record cheerful as compared to their previous albums. Instead of describing a relationship's end, the record was written in perspective of a relationship that is working. The band members took additional lessons before starting the recording. They have described the album as their best to date. Lightbody commented that he encountered a writer's block while writing the album. He further explained: On previous albums, his focus was on his past mistakes, though this time he had forced himself to write about being in love without sounding clichéd. The lyrics did not come naturally to him, and although the songwriting sessions were distressing, he has said the lyrics were "honest". The recording sessions were hampered by bats invading the studio at dusk, when they'd fly around constantly outside the windows. Lightbody said that he once found one in his room. ==Release== The album title was revealed by drummer Jonny Quinn in an interview to The Belfast Telegraph, and was initially reported as "One Hundred Million Suns". Lightbody later confirmed the title as "A Hundred Million Suns" on the band's official website, and noted that the newspaper had gone on to print the title despite the band's wish to reveal it themselves. A Hundred Million Suns was made available in three different formats, standard CD, LP Vinyl, digital download. There was also a deluxe version including a specially produced DVD directed by James Russell and full color book The first single taken from the album, "Take Back the City" premiered on Zane Lowe's show on BBC Radio 1 on 1 September at 7:20 pm. The title of the album was revealed on 1 August and the final track listing for the album was officially revealed on Snow Patrol's website on 29 August. In early October, almost a month before the release of the album, exclusive listening parties were organized and fans were invited on a first come, first served basis. Three days before the album was officially released, the band's website put up the whole album for online playback. A section featuring Gary Lightbody and his thoughts on the new songs was also put up. The album artwork was designed by Farrow Design. The use of handwriting on the album and single sleeves was the band's idea. Note: After application loads, click "Work" on the left and scroll manually. Snow Patrol also teamed up with Apple Inc. and became the first band to have an interactive application for the iPhone and iPod Touch. The free digital application enabled users to access extra content like lyrics, behind-the-scenes images and exclusive album related artwork. ==Reception== A Hundred Million Suns received generally positive reviews from critics. The A.V. Club's Chris Mincher called it sincere and effortless, and praised it for employing the use of various techniques, citing the use of glockenspiel, tap dancing and Mongolian folk. He said that the album was Snow Patrol's "solid reminder" of "how simple it can be to make good music" and praised the album, calling it the band's most genuine and biggest yet. He called the guitar hooks "swelling" and "urgent" and called the choruses "compelling" and "soaring". He had praise for songs like "Lifeboats", which he called "coolly slick", he praised the "guitar-buzzing pump" of "Engines". He mentioned "The Golden Floor", which employs fingerpicking and "a scratchy persuasive thump"; he praised Lightbody vocals, calling them "restrained" and "seeping". Though he felt the songs were not arena rock, the band's "sincerity and effortless songwriting" would make them work individually as well as in stadiums. He still felt that critics blasting the band were likely to do the same to A Hundred Million Suns, though he felt "novel" that the album retained the band's passion they have always had. PopMatters' Ross Langager, who gave the album a rating of 9 out of 10 defended the band on the comparisons made with Coldplay, saying that the band are more focused. He compared Lightbody and Coldplay's Chris Martin, saying Lightbody's lyrics are "finely-observed", whereas Martin prefers "scrubbed-up existential clichés". He further praised Lightbody, calling him a romantic, calling his words "sturdily poetic and subtly evocative". He felt credit was due to the band for avoiding the formula of "Run" and "Chasing Cars" on A Hundred Million Suns. He credited producer Jacknife Lee with improving and expanding the band's sound. He had much praise for the songs, saying the "highlights keep flowing into each other". He called "The Planets Bend Between Us" the "Chasing Cars" moment of the album, and wrote that it perfectly captured separation by an ocean. The album's closer, the sixteen-minute "The Lightning Strike" was compared with the "grand climax" of "Open Your Eyes" on the last album Eyes Open. Pitchfork Media's Joshua Love derided the band's music (on previous albums Final Straw and Eyes Open) as "soaring sissy-rock" and said it came easy to them. He felt if A Hundred Million Suns had any hits, they are within the first eight minutes; he praised the opener "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It" saying it captured the band at their best. However, he found some of Lightbody's lyrics "cringe-worthy". The album, which contains many metaphors referencing planets and cosmology, was slammed by him as "bullshit". He further said the band's other efforts on the album, like "The Golden Floor", "Engines", "Set Down Your Glass" and "Take Back the City" fail to "strut", something they appear wanting to do. He finally wrote that the album sounded as if the band was "striving to be taken more seriously", which they did in "simply stringing together three ponderous, already-overlong songs and calling the impenetrable result a 16-minute stand- alone epic ("The Lightning Strike")". He felt the band was not talented enough to give justice to more "artful ambitions" like "The Lightning Strike". He graded the album 4.9 out of 10. Paste Magazine's Austin Ray was not pleased with the album, and called it "A Hundred Million Yawns". He found that listening to Lightbody's voice was a reminder that it was the unavoidable time to hear the band's "new batch of soundtrackable mush". He called the band "bubonic plague of alt. rock, omnipresent and poisonous", though he clarified that he had nothing personal against the band members. He found the album sleep-inducing, and cited the lyrics 'I wanna bathe you in the light of day/and just watch you as the rays/tangle up around your face and body... the daylight seems to want you/just as much as I want you' as such. He felt that the sentiment felt like it had originated in a junior-high diary and was never used. According to review aggregator website Metacritic, the album has an average score of 67 out of 100, which indicates "generally favorable reviews". A Hundred Million Suns was a moderate chart success. It charted in 12 different countries and stayed in the charts for a total of 165 weeks. However, compared to the previous albums Eyes Open and Final Straw, it was the least successful commercially, staying the fewest weeks on chart. Note: Need to click "quick stats". For the other albums scroll down to view total weeks. The album debuted at #2 in the UK with sales of 100,330. It narrowly missed reaching the top spot, being beaten by Pink's album Funhouse. It, however topped the Irish Charts, staying there for two weeks. The album reached the Top 10 in a further five countries. The interactive iPhone application was well received, and was downloaded more than 30,000 times in its first week. The album has been certified Gold in Australia, Platinum in the UK and 3× Platinum in Ireland. The track 'What if This Storm Ends?' was used as a single for the band's 2013 Greatest Hits album. ==Taking Back the Cities Tour== On 3 October 2008, Snow Patrol announced their "Taking Back the Cities Tour". The band played in four capital cities in a 48-hour period. The tour began on 26 October at Gate Theatre in Dublin and ended next day in Bloomsbury Theatre in London. The band also played a small acoustic set in their living room as a part of Jo Whiley's Live Lounge on tour on 23 September. The band appeared on Later... with Jools Holland, performing "Take Back the City", "If There's a Rocket Tie Me to It", and "What If This Storm Ends?". The band next headlined a major UK and Ireland tour in the early 2009. The tour kicked off in Bournemouth on 22 February and commenced in Belfast on 20 March. Numerous support acts hand-picked by the band became opening acts to these shows. In November, the band visited Australia to headline the V Festival. The band then visited South Africa to headline the Coca-Cola Zero Festival. The band is now in Europe to begin a European leg of the tour which will see the band visit countries like Sweden, Germany, Austria, Denmark, Switzerland and France. Snow Patrol also supported Coldplay on their Viva la Vida Tour in June and U2 on their U2 360° Tour in July. The band began a headlining tour in September 2009, which saw them visit North America. ==Track listing== == Personnel == ;Snow Patrol *Gary Lightbody – vocals, guitar, backing vocals *Nathan Connolly – guitar, backing vocals *Paul Wilson – bass guitar, backing vocals *Jonny Quinn – drums, percussion *Tom Simpson – keyboards, samples ;Other personnel * James "Big Jim" Anderson – tuba * Stephen Wick – tuba * John Barclay – trumpet * Guy Barker – trumpet * Pat White – trumpet * Richard Bayliss – horns * Evgeny Chebykin – horns * Jocelyn Lightfoot – horns * Timothy Brown – horns * Kira Doherty – horns * Philip Eastop – horns * Avshalom Caspi – brass arrangement * Ian Fasham – bass trombone * David A. Stewart – bass trombone * Dan Jenkins – trombone * Colin Sheen – trombone * Sam Bell – engineer, editing * Tom McFall – engineer * Philip Rose – engineer * Tilmann Ilse – assistant engineer * Karen Kelleher – assistant engineer * Owen Lewis – assistant engineer * James Jarvis – choir director * John Ross – photography * John C.F. Davis – mastering * Hilary Skewes – contractor * Cenzo Townshend – mixing * Neil Comber – mixing assistant * Dave Emery – mixing assistant * Jacknife Lee – guitar, keyboards, programming, producer, glass harmonica, mixing ==Charts and certifications== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2008) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2008) Position Australian Albums (ARIA) 70 Dutch Albums (Album Top 100) 86 UK Albums (OCC) 18 Chart (2009) Position Dutch Albums (Album Top 100) 52 UK Albums (OCC) 135 ===Certifications=== Chart (2008) Certifications (sales thresholds) Sales Australia Gold 35,000+ Germany Gold 100,000 Ireland 3× Platinum 45,000+ Netherlands Gold United Kingdom Platinum 300,000+ United States — 50,000+ ==Release history== Country/Region Date Format Ireland 24 October 2008 Compact disc, Vinyl, Digital download, CD+DVD Australia 25 October 2008 United Kingdom 27 October 2008 Worldwide 28 October 2008 ==References== Category:2008 albums Category:Snow Patrol albums Category:Albums produced by Jacknife Lee Category:Fiction Records albums Category:Geffen Records albums
18701047	A Hen in the Wind	is a 1948 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu, starring Kinuyo Tanaka and Shūji Sano. ==Plot== The film is set in immediate postwar Japan, Tokyo. Tokiko (Kinuyo Tanaka), a twenty-nine-year-old mother of a young boy of four, is waiting for her husband's repatriation from World War II. In postwar Tokyo prices are escalating and the mother rents a room in a working-class industrial district, making ends meet through dressmaking. She is supported by a long-time friend and former workmate Akiko (Chieko Murata). One day, Tokiko's son little Hiroshi falls ill and needs to be hospitalized. Although Hiroshi subsequently recovers, the high hospital bills force Tokiko to commit one desperate act: she decides to prostitute herself for a night at an out-of- the-way establishment. When Akiko finds out about this she chides Tokiko for being stupid, and Tokiko begins to feel shame and folly even though she explains she has no other choice. The husband, Shuichi Amamiya (Shūji Sano), finally returns from the war belatedly and the couple is blissfully reunited. However, the conversation turns to Hiroshi's recent illness and Tokiko, finding it impossible to lie, comes clean with her husband over what she has done. Shuichi flies into a rage and is totally unable to concentrate on his job for the next few days. Thoughts about his wife's "misdeed" obsesses him and he finds out from her exactly where the establishment is. Then he makes a secret visit to the place one afternoon, only to find another young, 21-year- old prostitute about to service him there. From her he realizes that her resort to prostitution is out of desperation: her father is unable to work and her younger brother is in school. Shuichi resolves to find for the girl a proper job at his workplace. Shuichi confides his troubles to his colleague, Satake (Chishū Ryū). Satake promises to do his best to help the girl, and advises Shuichi to forgive his wife. But Shuichi states that he simply cannot help getting upset over Tokiko's act. When he returns home, Tokiko tries desperately to placate him and apologizes repeatedly over her mistake, but Shuichi treats her brutally and violently, throwing her down a flight of stairs accidentally by force. When he realizes she is hurt, he begins to get a grip over himself. An injured Tokiko limps back up the room and tries further to reconcile with Shuichi, who confesses that he too is in the wrong. They finally embrace each other desperately and promise to forget everything and start anew, relying on each other for their ultimate support. ==Cast== * Kinuyo Tanaka as Tokiko Amamiya * Shūji Sano as Shuichi Amamiya * Chieko Murata as Akiko Ida * Chishū Ryū as Kazuichiro Satake * Hohi Aoki as Shoichi * Chiyoko Ayatani as Fusako Onada * Reiko Mizukami as Orie Noma * Takeshi Sakamoto as Hikozo Sakai * Eiko Takamatsu as Tsune * Kōji Mitsui as Hideo ==Release== In 2011 the BFI released a Region 2 DVD of the film as a bonus feature on its dual-format edition of An Autumn Afternoon. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1948 films Category:1948 drama films Category:Japanese drama films Category:Japanese black-and-white films Category:1940s Japanese-language films Category:Films about prostitution in Japan Category:Films set in Tokyo Category:Films directed by Yasujirō Ozu Category:Films with screenplays by Yasujirō Ozu
18750450	A Bad Goodbye	"A Bad Goodbye" is a song written by American country music artist Clint Black, and recorded by him as a duet with fellow country music artist Wynonna. The song was recorded after the two toured together during their "Black and Wy" tour in 1993. It was released in May 1993 as the first single from Black's album No Time to Kill. It peaked at number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart, behind "Chattahoochee" by Alan Jackson.Billboard In addition, it was Black's first appearance on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at number 43 there.Billboard The song was also nominated for Vocal Event of the Year at the 1993 Academy of Country Music awards. ==Critical reception== In his review of Black's album, Time magazine reviewer Christopher John Farley noted that Judd's voice "draws out an emotional edge" in Black's voice. Overall, he thought that the collaboration added an edge to No Time to Kill that Black's first three albums lacked. Deborah Evans Price, of Billboard magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling the lyrics "direct, moving and majestic." She goes on to say that the song has "'single of the year' written all over it."Billboard, May 8, 1993 The song followed a "Black & Wy" tour, which featured Black and Judd touring together. ==Music video== The music video was directed by Peter Nydrle and produced by Paul Flattery. It was shot in Arizona during their "Black & Wy" tour and premiered in May 1993. ==Chart positions== "A Bad Goodbye" debuted at number 55 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 15, 1993. Chart (1993) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1993) Position Canada Country Tracks (RPM) 14 US Country Songs (Billboard) 19 ==References== Category:1993 singles Category:Clint Black songs Category:Wynonna Judd songs Category:Male–female vocal duets Category:Songs written by Clint Black Category:Song recordings produced by Clint Black Category:Song recordings produced by James Stroud Category:RCA Records Nashville singles Category:1993 songs
18754966	A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record	A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record is the first and only EP by American pop punk band Cinematic Sunrise, a side project of Chiodos' Bradley Bell and Craig Owens. The pair's pop rock project is strictly about having a good time and making music that is innocent and fun to play. "Basically, the whole idea - everything about Cinematic Sunrise - is just happy and fun. And there's nothing more fun than coloring," explains vocalist Craig Owens about the decision to include a coloring book with their aptly titled debut EP A Coloring Storybook and Long Playing Record. It was originally released with four colored pencils intended for use in a book that includes drawings of animals with caricatures of the band members hidden somewhere in the environment. Craig Owens said in an interview that he requested crayons, not colored pencils. He was supposedly disappointed by Equal Vision's mishap. On October 14, 2008, Equal Vision Records re-released A Coloring Storybook and Long-Playing Record. The re-release includes two bonus tracks titled, "If Lilly Isn't Back by Sunset" and "Crossing Our Fingers for Summer". == Track listing == Source: Amazon == Personnel == Source: Official Equal Vision site * Craig Owens – lead vocals * Bryan Beeler – guitars * Marcus VanKirk – bass guitar * Bradley Bell – keyboards, piano, synthesizers * Dave Shapiro – drums Album Version of The Wordless == References == Category:2008 debut EPs Category:Cinematic Sunrise albums Category:Coloring books
18823021	A Cab for Three	A Cab for Three () is a 2001 Chilean film directed by Orlando Lubbert. It was Chile's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee. == Plot == Ulises (Alejandro Trejo) is a taxi driver who gets robbed by Chavelo (Daniel Muñoz) and Coto (Fernando Gómez-Rovira). They give him a choice between driving the taxi while they commit robberies or riding in the trunk, using the phrase "Wheel or trunk." This makes Ulises a member of their gang. After several failed and some successful robberies, Ulises begins to receive a share of the loot. What he once believed was immoral and wrong becomes normalized for him. The robbers even stay in Ulises' home and give gifts to his family, leading them to also cover up for the gang. Soon, Ulises must choose between the benefits and drawbacks of this new lifestyle. ==Cast== * Daniel Muñoz as Chavelo * Alejandro Trejo as Ulises * Fernando Gómez-Rovira as Coto * Ivonne Becerra as Almacenera * Elsa Poblete as Nelly * Daniel Alcaíno as TV journalist * Felipe Ortega as Amaro * Edgardo Carvajal as Ronny * Denitze Lecaros as Javiera * Víctor Rojas as Hugo Soto * Gerardo Orchard as Julián Castro * Lorena Prada as office secretary * Cristián Quezada as Inspector Padilla * René Castro as Inspector Romero * Marío Escobar as "Bala Fría" * Iban Ayala as Evangélico * Juan Rodríguez as Tricycle boy ==See also== *List of submissions to the 74th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film ==References== ==External links== * Category:2001 films Category:2000s Spanish-language films Category:2000s crime comedy-drama films Category:Chilean comedy-drama films Category:2001 comedy films Category:2001 drama films
18903816	A Jolly Good Fellow (novel)	A Jolly Good Fellow (2008) is a novel by American author Stephen V. Masse. ==Plot introduction== A fake charity Santa Claus plots to kidnap the eleven- year-old son of a State Representative, but the plot goes topsy-turvy when the boy decides to run away from home by hitchhiking. ==Plot summary== Two weeks before Christmas in Boston, Duncan Wagner, a lone down-and-outer who has been living in self-imposed exile for several years, kidnaps Gabriel Booker, the eleven-year-old son of State Representative Winthrop Booker. Wagner takes the child to his apartment and ties him to a chair in front of the television, then leaves for work as a self-employed charity Santa Claus. When Wagner returns to his apartment, Gabriel is no longer in the chair. Thinking the boy has fled, Wagner goes into his room and finds him sleeping on the bed. In spite of a lingering edginess, the two grow more cordial toward each other. Wagner locks Gabriel’s ankle to a long chain to make sure he doesn’t run away. Gabriel hounds Wagner to supply him with Christmas decorations and other goodies to help pass the time. Wagner awkwardly complies. Gabriel turns out to be a vegetarian. And a bed wetter. After a day, Wagner makes a ransom demand for one hundred thousand dollars from Representative Booker. Almost immediately the missing child case turns into an Amber Alert and dominates news headlines. One night Wagner, bothered by the clinking sound of the chain, unlocks Gabriel’s ankle in order to have a decent sleep. In the morning, Gabriel is gone and with him, all Duncan’s charity money. Duncan goes to town in his Santa suit, hoping to elude hoards of police he is sure will swarm to his apartment. While in town, he helps a street artist, Martina, whose purse is being rifled by a pair of thieves. He realizes Martina has an eye for his Santa character, though he also realizes that by kidnapping Gabriel, he has imprisoned himself as well. Back at his apartment there are no police. Later on, Gabriel shows up in disguise after spending the day exploring Boston and buying money orders with Duncan's cash. The friendship is solidified, although the ransom deal seems to be going sour... The real story is the relationship between Duncan and Gabriel, which takes surprising but endearing turns. ==Awards and nominations== * 2008 Independent Publisher Book Awards, silver medal (U.S. North-East - Best Regional Fiction) * 2008 New England Book Festival, honorable mention (Best books of the holiday season/fiction) * 2009 Allbooks Review Editor’s Choice Award 2nd place nominee (Mystery/Suspense) ==Publication history== * 2008, USA, Good Harbor Press Paperback * 2008, USA, Calderwood Books Electronic Book == External links == * Good Harbor Press * Calderwood Books * 2008 Independent Publisher Awards * 2008 New England Book Festival * 2009 Allbooks Review Editor's Choice Awards Finalist Category:2008 American novels Category:Christmas novels Category:Novels set in Boston
19204182	A French Mistress	A French Mistress is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Roy Boulting and starring Cecil Parker, James Robertson Justice, Agnès Laurent, Ian Bannen, Raymond Huntley, Irene Handl and Thorley Walters. It is based on a stage play, The French Mistress by Sonnie Hale under the pen name Robert Monro, first produced in 1955 at the Theatre Royal Windsor, starring Hale. ==Production== Production was filmed at Shoreditch Training College, Englefield Green, Borough of Runnymede, Surrey, England, formerly the Royal Indian Engineering College. ==Plot summary== A young French woman, Madaleine Lafarge, is unintentionally appointed as the French teacher at an English public school for boys, which is not used to having women teachers. She causes a stir with pupils and other school staff, and complications ensue. A romance develops between Lafarge and the headmaster's son who is also a teacher at the school. This is a cause of concern for the headmaster when he comes to believe that she is his daughter, from an affair he had during a holiday in France in his youth. He attempts to stop the romance by sacking her, so that she will go back to France, but the boys go on strike and nearly riot. All the problems are resolved when it becomes apparent that she cannot be his daughter. ==Cast== thumb|right|Film location, 2004 * Cecil Parker as Headmaster John Crane * James Robertson Justice as Robert Martin * Ian Bannen as Colin Crane * Agnès Laurent as Madeleine LaFarge * Raymond Huntley as Reverend Edwin Peake * Irene Handl as Staff Sergeant Hodges * Edith Sharpe as Matron * Kenneth Griffith as Mr Meade * Robert Bruce as Mr Ramsay * Thorley Walters as Colonel Edmonds * Henry Longhurst as 2nd Governor * Brian Oulton as 3rd Governor * Scot Finch as Edmonds, Head Boy * Richard Palmer as Milsom * Peter Greenspan as Wigram * David Griffin as Slater * Jeremy Bulloch as Baines * David Diarmid Cammell as Vane * Chris Sandford as Poole * Gregory Warwick as Warwick * Nigel Bulloch as Proffit * Gordon Pleasant as Benson * Michael Crawford as Kent * Pearson Dodd as Church * Christopher Beeny as Stephenson * Athene Seyler as Beatrice Peake * Cardew Robinson as Ambulance Attendant * Margaret Lacey as Kitchen Maid * Paul Sheridan as M Fraguier, Previous French Teacher ==Box office== Kine Weekly called it a "money maker" at the British box office in 1960. ==Critical reception== Bosley Crowther in The New York Times wrote, "We would have expected something better from the Boultings and Mr. Dell. A good cast of old familiars—excepting Agnes Laurent, a newcomer who plays the mademoiselle – try to do something with it and occasionally do all right with a line here, a facial expression or a situation there. Cecil Parker puffs and pouts as the headmaster, and Ian Bannen stands up stoutly as his son. Raymond Huntley and James Robertson Justice do their acts as other masters in the school. Irene Handl also draws a few fast laughs as the compulsively pugnacious cook, and Edith Sharpe and Athene Seyler cluck politely as the only other females around the place. But the ministrations of the stalwarts do not quite save the day. The Boultings are onto a sticky wicket with that silly sex-scandal stuff." ==Theme== Tamahine, three years later (1963), used the same theme. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1960 films Category:1960s English-language films Category:1960 comedy films Category:Incest in film Category:British comedy films Category:Films scored by John Addison Category:Films set in schools Category:British films based on plays Category:Films shot at Shepperton Studios Category:1961 comedy films Category:1961 films Category:1960s British films
1921295	A Certain Trigger	A Certain Trigger is the debut studio album by English indie rock band Maxïmo Park. It was released on 16 May 2005 through Warp. ==Album information== The title for the album comes from the song "Once, a Glimpse". The songs "The Coast Is Always Changing", "Apply Some Pressure", "Graffiti", "Going Missing" and "I Want You to Stay" were released as singles. The censored version of "Apply Some Pressure" was used on the soundtracks of the video games Burnout Revenge and SSX on Tour. An instrumental version of "Going Missing" was used during the end credits of the movie Stranger than Fiction. The album has received Platinum status in the UK. When it was originally released, a limited edition version was available with a bonus CD containing a live performance in Japan. A Certain Trigger sold over 500,000 copies worldwide. In 2009, the Warp20 (Recreated) compilation included a cover version of the song "Acrobat" by Seefeel. ==Reception== Pitchforks Sam Ubl wrote that Maxïmo Park "play jaunty, precise power pop with punk's antipathies, exuding a tentative cool'. CMJ wrote, "These five lads resurrect the trembling, trebly power chords and literate sensibilities of bands like Wire and the Fall... Maximo Park's brand of guitar pop is distinctly British and pogo-ready."CMJ (No. 914, p. 4) A Certain Trigger was nominated for the 2005 Mercury Prize. ==Track listing== == Charts == Chart performance for A Certain Trigger Chart (2005) Peak position == References == Category:Maxïmo Park albums Category:2005 debut albums Category:Warp (record label) albums Category:Albums produced by Paul Epworth Category:Songs written by Duncan Lloyd
19219428	A Bit O'Gold	A Bit O'Gold (foaled 2001 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. ==Background== A Bit O'Gold was sired by Grade I winner Gold Fever, a son of the 1987 American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, Forty Niner, out of the mare, Annasan, ==Racing career== Equally effective racing on both dirt and grass, A Bit O'Gold began racing at age two in 2003 for owner/trainer Catherine Day Phillips. He won his first three starts, including the important Coronation Futurity Stakes in early November. At age three, the gelding won two of the three races comprising the Canadian Triple Crown series. After winning the Plate Trial, A Bit O'Gold finished second in the Queen's Plate, then won the Prince of Wales Stakes and on turf, the third leg of the Triple Crown, the Breeders' Stakes. A Bit O'Gold's 2004 performances earned him the Sovereign Award for Champion 3-Year-Old Male Horse. At age four, A Bit O'Gold won important Canadian races on dirt and on grass that resulted in three Sovereign Awards, including for Canadian Horse of the Year. ==Retirement== In May 2006, A Bit O'Gold was retired to Kingfield Farms in Maple, Ontario. ==References== * A Bit O'Gold's pedigree and partial racing stats * The Jockey Club of Canada 2005 Sovereign Awards * Bloodhorse.com article titled A Bit O'Gold Named Canadian Horse of Year Category:2001 racehorse births Category:Racehorses bred in Ontario Category:Racehorses trained in Canada Category:Sovereign Award winners Category:Canadian Thoroughbred Horse of the Year Category:Thoroughbred family 1-n
1924575	A Darkness at Sethanon	A Darkness at Sethanon is a fantasy novel by American writer Raymond E. Feist, the third and final book in The Riftwar Saga, the first series of novels in The Riftwar Cycle . It describes how Murmandamus, a new prince of the Dark Brotherhood, marshals the forces of the Moredhel and invades the kingdom, with the intent of finding the Lifestone, a powerful relic with which he will be able to destroy every living thing in the world, so as to resurrect the Valheru Lords of old. Only Pug and Tomas can stop this new evil, thereby ending the Riftwar. ==Plot summary== Arutha, Prince of Krondor, uses an attempted assassination as a ruse to fake his own death so that he may travel north to confront Murmandamus. In his travels to the Northlands, Arutha finds his father's former enemy, Guy du Bas-Tyra, as the Protector of the city Armengar, the first location to be invaded by the dark army under Murmandamus. In an attempt to destroy a majority of the army, Guy orders the evacuation of the city, and ignites the naphtha mines below the city. Murmandamus escapes unscathed, and the army marches towards the border of the Kingdom of the Isles. Meanwhile, Pug and Tomas begin searching the world, and eventually beyond, for the famed sorcerer Macros the Black, thought killed when he helped to destroy the rift (at the end of Magician). Macros reveals that he had put into motion a grand plot to instill Tomas with the powers of the Valheru, Ashen-Shugar, in order to turn the tides of the coming battle in their favour. Murmandamus, having successfully overrun the border city of Highcastle, marches towards his final objective: the town of Sethanon, which lies above an ancient ruins containing an artifact of power known as the Lifestone. Murmandamus lays siege to Sethanon, causing wholesale slaughter regardless of his own soldiers, in order to draw his necromantic power from their deaths. Steeped in power, he descends into the chamber of the Lifestone, and is confronted by Arutha, where they begin to duel. A rift begins to form within the chamber, held closed only by the magical efforts of Pug and Macros. Arutha manages to kill Murmandamus, revealing his true form as a Pantathian impersonating a moredhel. With his death, the escaped magical energy causes the rift to open briefly, releasing a Valheru, and a life-stealing Dreadlord. Tomas, now fully embracing his Valheru heritage, battles his ancient kin, while his dragon mount fights the Dreadlord. At the climax of the battle, Tomas stabs his sword through his enemy, and into the Lifestone, inadvertently releasing the spirits of all other Dragonlords. Their combined might, however, is no match for the Lifestone, the nexus of all life on Midkemia. They are drawn into the Lifestone and trapped for all eternity. The invasion is over. Afterwards, Macros entrusts the guardianship of the world to Pug and Tomas, saying that his task to protect Midkemia is finished, and disappears. Category:1986 American novels Category:1986 fantasy novels Category:American fantasy novels Category:Books with cover art by Kinuko Y. Craft Category:Doubleday (publisher) books Category:Novels by Raymond E. Feist
1924596	A Dictionary of Americanisms	A Dictionary of Americanisms on Historical Principles is a dictionary of English words and phrases that originated in the United States. The two-volume dictionary was edited by Mitford M. Mathews and was published in 1951 by University of Chicago Press.Mathews derived much of the book from A Dictionary of American English on Historical Principles edited under the direction of Sir William Craigie at the University of Chicago (1934-1944). Its 1911 pages of entries provides an important view of American culture as it evolved from its beginnings to the mid-20th century. "Made in U.S.A.", Time magazine. April 02, 1951. The work should not be confused with John Russell Bartlett's Dictionary of Americanisms. ==References== Category:1951 non-fiction books Category:English dictionaries Category:Works about American English
1929111	A Child from the South	A Child From the South was a 1991 television movie about a Nadia (played by Josette Simon), a young journalist, in political exile from South Africa since her father's assassination twenty years earlier and her return to cover a United Nations conference. It was written by Chris Austin, Gill Bond and Leyga Zendare and directed by Sergio Rezende. ==External links== * Child From the South, A Category:1991 drama films Category:British drama films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s British films
19316376	A Date with the Everly Brothers	A Date with the Everly Brothers is the fourth studio album by American singing duo the Everly Brothers, released in 1960. It peaked at No. 9 on the Billboard Pop albums charts and reached No. 3 in the UK. The song "Love Hurts" appears here for the first time. It would subsequently be covered by numerous other artists. Other than the "Cathy's Clown"/"Always It's You" single, all of the tracks on A Date with the Everly Brothers were recorded in just four sessions during July 1960.Liner Notes: A Date with the Everly Brothers by Richie Unterberger. Reissue by Collectors' Choice Music. ==Legacy== Writing for Allmusic, critic Richie Unterberger wrote of the album "Although the material is not on the killer level of 'It's Everly Time', there are some very fine songs on their second Warner LP." The album was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.^ Robert Dimery; Michael Lydon (23 March 2010). 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die: Revised and Updated Edition. Universe. . ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Don Everly – guitar, vocals *Phil Everly – guitar, vocals ==References== Category:The Everly Brothers albums Category:1961 albums Category:Warner Records albums
19371398	A Breath of Fresh Air	A Breath of Fresh Air may refer to: * Picnic – A Breath of Fresh Air, a sampler issued by the Harvest Records label * A Breath of Fresh Air (film), a 2022 Italian comedy-drama film
19371911	A Boxful of Treasures	A Boxful of Treasures is a 2004 compilation box set of recordings by folk singer Sandy Denny and comprises solo material and recordings made during her time as a member of Fotheringay, Fairport Convention, and other groups. The fifth CD contains previously unreleased tracks, most of which are demos recorded at Denny's home. == Track listing == All songs are credited to Sandy Denny except where noted. === Disc one === === Disc two === === Disc three === === Disc four === === Disc five === == References == * Profile on CDRoots.com * The Bees Knees, notes by compiler Category:Sandy Denny albums Category:2004 compilation albums
19680415	A Day to Remember (1953 film)	A Day to Remember is a 1953 British comedy drama film directed by Ralph Thomas and starring an ensemble cast including Stanley Holloway, Donald Sinden, James Hayter and Bill Owen. ==Plot== The darts team of a London public house go on a day trip to Boulogne-sur-Mer in France. On the eve of their visit to France, the members of the Hand & Flower pub darts team gather for a drink. The day trip has been organised by one of the team, Percy, who is a travel agent. For some of the team, it is their first ever trip abroad, while for others it is the first time they have returned to France since their service in World War I or World War II. Charley is looking forward to meeting some French mademoiselles, but Fred, the pub's married landlord, says there'll be none of that sort of thing. Stan has a plan to buy watches in France and smuggle them back into Britain, avoiding customs duty. Jim is going through a rocky patch with his fiancée, whom he suspects considers him to be boring and staid. The following day, the group meet at London Victoria station and catch the boat train to Folkestone Harbour station for the ferry across the English Channel to Boulogne. Once they have landed in France, despite the insistence of Fred that they stick together, Jim departs to visit the area where he had been involved in heavy fighting during 1944 when British troops had arrived to liberate France. In the local florists, the shop owners refuse to take his money for flowers for his friend's grave. After taking them to the cemetery where his comrade is buried, he visits a local farm and meets Martine, with whom he spent time eight years before when she was eleven. Now an attractive young woman, she recognises him and invites him to have lunch with her family who also remember him. They immediately strike up a chemistry, which his relationship with his fiancée in England lacks. However, Martine is engaged to a local lawyer who is expecting to land a prestigious partnership in Paris. Back in town, the rest of the group enjoy lunch in a cafe and then separate to tour around the town. Stan goes and picks up his black market watches, while "Shorty", stewing over those who use his resented nickname, gets drunk and joins the French Foreign Legion, in spite of Charley's efforts to stop him. Fred is enticed by a young woman into a bar and she persuades him to buy champagne for them and dance with her. He is embarrassed when Charley finds him in there. Percy, the travel agent, becomes violently homesick and desperate for a cup of tea. Reassembling, the group attempt but fail to retrieve Shorty from service in the Foreign Legion, and then drift towards the docks and the ship for the return trip, wondering what has happened to Jim who has been missing all day. Stan sees a policeman calling to him, so, thinking he knows about the watches, throws them into the water; but he only wants to return Stan's passport which he had left at the customs check. Jim has fallen in love with Martine, but they argue over whether they can be together, and he heads for the docks, while Martine goes to rejoin her fiancée. But once there, she tells him she does not love him and cannot marry him, and then drives hurriedly towards the docks. Meanwhile, on a blind date with a friend, Jim's fiancée in London has met and struck up a relationship with an American serviceman. Arriving as his ship is leaving, Martine shouts her true feelings for Jim, and they agree to meet again when he returns to France. ==Cast== *Stanley Holloway as Charley Porter *Donald Sinden as Jim Carver *Joan Rice as Vera Mitchell *Odile Versois as Martine Berthier *James Hayter as Fred Collins *Harry Fowler as Stan Harvey *Edward Chapman as Mr Robinson *Peter Jones as Percy Goodall *Bill Owen as "Shorty" Sharpe *Meredith Edwards as Bert Tripp *George Coulouris as Foreign Legion Captain *Vernon Gray as Marvin *Thora Hird as Mrs Trott *Theodore Bikel as Henri Dubot *Brenda De Banzie as Mrs Collins *Lily Kann as Martine's Grandmother * Georgette Anys as Jeanne Sautet * Marianne Stone as Doreen *Shirley Eaton as Young Woman on Ferry (uncredited) * Jacques Cey as Maurice ==Production== The film was based on The Hand and Flower, a 1952 novel by Jerrard Tickell, who had written Appointment with Venus, also filmed by Betty Box and Ralph Thomas. It was partly filmed on location in Boulogne. ==References== ==External links== * *A Day to Remember at Britmovie Category:1953 films Category:1950s English-language films Category:Films based on Irish novels Category:1953 comedy-drama films Category:Films set in France Category:Films set in London Category:Films directed by Ralph Thomas Category:Films scored by Clifton Parker Category:Films shot at Pinewood Studios Category:British comedy-drama films Category:Films produced by Betty Box Category:British black-and-white films Category:1950s British films
19749306	A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night	A Hundred Things Keep Me Up at Night is the second studio album from Swedish indie-pop group Love Is All. ==Track listing== # New Beginnings # Give It Back # Movie Romance # Last Choice # Sea Sick # Wishing Well # When Giants Fall # Rumours # Big Bangs, Black Holes, Meteorites # A More Uncertain Future # 19 Floors Category:2008 albums Category:Love Is All albums Category:What's Your Rupture? albums
19749985	A Glimpse of Hell (film)	A Glimpse of Hell is a 2001 American-Canadian made-for-television drama film directed by Mikael Salomon. It premiered in the United States on FX on March 18, 2001. It was filmed in Halifax, Nova Scotia Canada and stars James Caan, Robert Sean Leonard, and Daniel Roebuck. The film is based on the 1999 book A Glimpse of Hell: The Explosion on the USS Iowa and Its Cover-Up by Charles C. Thompson II about the 1989 turret explosion incident on and its aftermath. ==Cast== Actor Character James Caan Captain Fred Moosally Robert Sean Leonard Lieutenant Junior Grade Daniel P. Meyer Daniel Roebuck Petty Officer Dale Mortensen Jamie Harrold Kendall Truitt John Doman Admiral Langlett John Benjamin Hickey Dashiell Eaves Clay Hartwig Hugh Thompson Alan C. Peterson MCPO Ziegler Bill MacDonald Ken James Adm. Chapin Mark Day (actor) Sailor #2 Eugene Lipinski Skelley Chris Owens Agent Flynn Bruce Gray Donald Meyer James Bulliard Gunner's Mate Tim Sykes Sherry Devanney Kathy Kubicina Jennifer Overton Evelyn Hartwig ==Critical reception== Buzz McClain of allmovie gave the movie 3.5 of 5 stars stating: "Taut and compelling, A Glimpse of Hell is a based-on-fact story that doesn't feel like it was drawn entirely from dry depositions and courtroom testimony." The movie when first shown, scored a 3.3 household rating and drew 2.7 million viewers. This was enough to make A Glimpse of Hell the most-watched program in FX's seven-year history, at the time. ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:2001 films Category:2001 drama films Category:2001 television films Category:2000s disaster films Category:2000s English-language films Category:American disaster films Category:American films based on actual events Category:English-language Canadian films Category:Canadian disaster films Category:Canadian drama films Category:Canadian films based on actual events Category:Disaster films based on actual events Category:Disaster television films Category:Drama films based on actual events Category:American drama television films Category:Films about seafaring accidents or incidents Category:Films about the United States Navy Category:Films based on non- fiction books Category:Films directed by Mikael Salomon Category:Films set in 1989 Category:Films set on ships Category:Films shot in Halifax, Nova Scotia Category:FX Networks original films Category:Television films based on actual events Category:Television films based on books Category:2000s American films Category:2000s Canadian films
19789501	A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling	A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling- Confirmed by Actual Experiences and Minute Observations to Which is Added the Compleat Fly-Fisher is a fly fishing book written by Thomas Best, first published in London in 1787. ==Synopsis== thumb|left|Frontispiece (9th Edition) Although the first part of A Concise Treatise is a general angling work that provided little new information when it was published, the second part of the book--The Complete Fly-Fisher was one of the earliest how-to books on the subject of fly fishing and artificial fly making. The book proved to be extremely popular and useful, being issued in thirteen editions from 1787 to 1846. ==Reviews== * In Ancient Angling Authors (1910) W. J. Turrell notes: > A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling. . . . By Thomas Best, Gent. Late > of his Majesty's Drawing Room in the Tower, London, appeared in 1787. > Thirteen editions of this work were published;, to the tenth and eleventh > editions the greater part of Nobbes' Compleat Troller was added. This book, > though it contains nothing strikingly original, is a thoroughly practical > treatise on the art of angling... * In Notable Angling Literature (1945) James Robb notes about Best and A Concise Treatise: > He makes mention of the multiplying reel, the first time we hear of it, but > evidently not unknown before his day. In the second part of the book, which > has the special title The Complete Fly-fisher, he describes the dressing of > many flies and their killing powers. Upon the whole, it is a practical and > sensible work. ==Contents== (From the 9th Edition) * Part I - Art of Angling ** Chapter I - A Description of Fishes, according to Natural History with the best methods of Breeding, mid Feeding Carp, &c; ** Chapter II - The best Manner of Making and Chasing Rods, Lines, Hooks, &c; ** Chapter III - The general Baits used in Angling, where found, and how preserved. ** Chapter IV - Of natural Fly- Fishing, with a Description of Flies generally used, and a choice collection of Rules and Hints to be observed in Angling ** Chapter V - A Description of the Fish generally angled for in England and Wales, with the proper Times and Seasons, to fish for them; their peculiar haunts, spawning Time, and most killing, Baits ** Chapter VI - The most scientific Method of making Fish- Ponds, Stews, &c.; to which are added, several Arcana in the Art of Angling * Part II - The Complete Fly Fisher: or Everyman his own fly-maker ** Chapter I - Observations concerning artificial Fly-angling, with proper Directions for the Angler's Rods, Lines, &c.; ** Chapter II - A List of the Materials necessary for an Angler to have, and the best Method to make the Palmer and May Fly. ** Chapter III - The Names and the best Manner of dubbing the different Artificial Flies, which are generally known and will kill Fish on any Water from the beginning of March to the end of September ** Chapter IV - A second List of very killing Flies ** Chapter V - The best Rules for Artificial Fly-fishing ** Chapter VI - Of the principal Rivers in England, and particularly of the Thames ** Chapter VII - Of the Game Laws relative to Angling ** Chapter VIII - Prognostics of the Weather, independent of the Barometer, extracted from the best Authorities ** Chapter IX - Rules to Judge of the Barometer ==Other editions== From Bibliotheca Piscatoria, T. Westwood & T. Satchell (1883) * * * * * * * * * * * * From Antiquarian Booksellers Online * * ==Further reading== * * * ==See also== * Bibliography of fly fishing ==External links== * Online Version Internet Archive ==Notes== Category:1787 non-fiction books Category:Angling literature Category:Fly fishing literature Category:British books Category:Recreational fishing in the United Kingdom Category:Treatises
19860998	A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from thePersecution of the Druids	A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from the Persecution of the Druids is a painting by the English artist William Holman Hunt that was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1850 and is now in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. It was a companion to John Everett Millais's Christ in the House of His Parents. Both artists sought to depict similar episodes from very early Christian history, portraying families helping an injured individual. Both also stressed the primitivism of the scene.Bronkhurst, Judith, William Holman Hunt: A Catalogue Raisonné, Yale University Press, 2006, pp.134-6 ==Subject== Hunt's painting depicts a family of ancient Britons occupying a crudely constructed hut by the riverside. They are attending to a missionary who is hiding from a mob of pagan British Celts. A Druid is visible in the background on the left pointing towards another missionary, who is being taken by one of the mob. A stone circle is noticeable behind the missionary but is visible only through gaps in the back of the hut used by the Christian family. The contrast between Christian and Druidic symbols is identified by the painting of a red cross over a stone within the Christian family's hut. The presence of the druid presumably locates the intended period of the scene before the Roman conquest of Britain in the mid-1st century, making the missionaries very early ones indeed, although the vestment-like clothes that they wear would, even to the well-informed Victorian, suggest a much later period. ==Reception== thumb|left|Florence Claxton's The Choice of Paris: An Idyll (1860), a satire on the Pre- Raphaelites Hunt's painting was less controversial than Millais's companion piece, but Hunt was still heavily criticised for the odd composition and the contorted poses of the figures. In 1860, Florence Claxton's painting The Choice of Paris: An Idyll parodied the composition of Hunt's picture along with other works by the Pre-Raphaelite artists of the previous years.William E. Fredeman, "Pre-Raphaelites in Caricature: The Choice of Paris: An Idyll by Florence Claxton," Burlington Magazine, Vol. 102 (December 1960), pp. 523-29. Hunt himself continued to believe it to be one of his best works. In 1872, referring to the painting as "the Early Xtians", he wrote in a letter to Edward Lear, stating that "sometimes when I look at the Early Xtians I feel rather ashamed that I have got no further than later years have brought me, but the truth is that at twenty – health, enthusiasm and yet unpunished confidence in oneself carries a man very near his ultimate length of tether". ==Notes== ==External links== *Typological Symbolism in Hunt's Major Works Category:1850 paintings Category:Paintings by William Holman Hunt Category:Paintings in the Ashmolean Museum Category:Paintings of children Category:Works about missionaries
1994732	A Haunted House and Other Short Stories	A Haunted House is a 1944 collection of 18 short stories by Virginia Woolf. It was produced by her husband Leonard Woolf after her death although in the foreword he states that they had discussed its production together.foreword by Leonard Woolf, 1st edition * The first six stories appeared in her only previous collection Monday or Tuesday in 1921 : **"A Haunted House" **"Monday or Tuesday" **"An Unwritten Novel" **"The String Quartet" **"Kew Gardens" **"The Mark on the Wall" *The next six appeared in magazines between 1922 and 1941 : **"The New Dress" **"The Shooting Party" **"Lappin and Lappinova" **"Solid Objects" **"The Lady in the Looking-Glass" **"The Duchess and the Jeweller" *The final six were unpublished, although only "Moments of Being" and "The Searchlight" were finally revised by Virginia Woolf herself : **"Moments of Being" **"The Man who Loved his Kind" **"The Searchlight" **"The Legacy" **"Together and Apart" **"A Summing Up" ==References== ==External links== * * The Legacy, full text and audio file * The Searchlight, full text and audio file * Category:1944 short story collections Category:Short story collections by Virginia Woolf Category:Books published posthumously Category:Hogarth Press books
200010	A Boy and His Dog	thumb|Cover of Vic and Blood #2 A Boy and His Dog is a cycle of narratives by author Harlan Ellison. The cycle tells the story of an amoral boy (Vic) and his telepathic dog (Blood), who work together as a team to survive in the post-apocalyptic world after a nuclear war. The original 1969 novella was adapted into the 1975 film A Boy and His Dog directed by L.Q. Jones. Both the story and the film were well-received by critics and science fiction fans, but the film was not successful commercially. The original novella was followed by short stories and a graphic novel. The film adaptation was an influence on Love and Monsters (2020) by Michael Matthews. The story and its film adaptation have also been mentioned to be influential in the creation of the Fallout video game series by Black Isle Studios. ==Publication history== Ellison began the cycle with the 1969 short story of the same title, published in New Worlds, and expanded and revised the tale to novella length for his story collection The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World the same year. He subsequently bookended the original story with two others in the same world: "Eggsucker" (The Ariel Book of Fantasy Volume Two, 1977), and "Run, Spot, Run" (Amazing Stories, 1980). The stories were adapted as a two- issue black and white comic series illustrated by Richard Corben, Vic and Blood: The Chronicles of a Boy and His Dog (Mad Dog Graphics, 1987). The series was collected as a color graphic novel of the same name in 1989 by NBM/St. Martin’s Press, and was in turn published in French by Comics USA (Vic & Blood: Les chroniques d'un gars at son chien, 1989) and in Spanish by Norma Editorial (Vic & Blood, CEC #72, 1990). Both the graphic novel and the prose stories were collected in Vic and Blood: The Continuing Adventures of a Boy and His Dog (Edgework Abbey/iBooks, 2003). Ellison's introduction to the collection explains that 1969's A Boy and His Dog is part of a larger novel that he has been writing for over 30 years and that story is finished, but the last, longest part is written as a screenplay with no current plans for production. Ellison suggested as late as 2003 that he would combine the three stories (possibly with additional material) to create a novel with the proposed title of Blood's a Rover (not to be confused with the Chad Oliver story or the James Ellroy novel Blood's a Rover). In January 2018, Subterranean Press announced the publication of Blood's a Rover, combining materials from the author's files, versions of the novella and short stories that have been expanded and revised, material from Corben's graphic novel, and previously unpublished material from the unproduced 1977 NBC television series Blood's a Rover. ==Setting== The novella and the film adaptation have the same alternate timeline setting, diverging with the failed assassination of President John F. Kennedy. Instead of concentrating on the Space Race, technological advancements in robotics, animal intelligence, and telepathy take place. A more heated Cold War takes place, culminating in a conventional World War III. A truce is signed, lasting another 25 years, though mounting tensions lead to World War IV in 2007, this time involving massive nuclear warfare and only lasting five days. Civilization is almost entirely obliterated, leaving the surface of Earth reduced to a desolate, irradiated wasteland. Years later, in 2024, foragers who remain above ground must fight for the remaining resources. Most survivors in the former United States are male, as women were usually in the bombed cities while many men were out fighting in the war. In the novella, nuclear fallout had created horrific mutations, such as the feared burnpit screamers, known for their noise and deadliness (in the film, they appear in only one scene, though they are only heard). ==Eggsucker== ===Plot=== Blood recalls how he met Vic in 2048, and describes him as "steadfast, responsible, and game as they come." He recounts an evening during which he and Vic go to barter scavenged items with the "82nd Airborne", the armorers for most of the local roverpacks except for that of the child-slaver "Fellini." Transported from a dock by skiff to the 82nd Airborne's boat, the pair trade wine and spent brass for fresh ammunition, and Vic is invited to stay and drink. Blood declines to drink, and is repeatedly insulted by the gang, until the goading drives him to attempt to bite one of them. The gang member knocks Blood down and points a rifle at Blood's head, and Vic immediately shoots the gang member. As Vic covers the remaining stunned gang members, Blood climbs into Vic's pack and passes out. He awakens again with them on the dock and Vic running for their lives. Upon reaching safety, Vic unceremoniously dumps Blood onto the ground and storms off in anger at having lost access to "the only armorer in the territory." Blood initially lets him go, but thinks better of it after considering the alternatives, and saves Vic from walking into a crater in the road containing a "Screamer" (a green corpse-like mutant). The pair run miles up the road, and having reconciled, sit down to eat. ==A Boy and His Dog== ===Plot=== Vic, aged 15, was born in and scavenges throughout the wasteland of the former southwestern United States as a "solo" (as opposed to a member of a "roverpack" gang). Vic is most concerned with food and sex. Having lost both of his parents, he has no formal education and does not understand ethics or morality. He is accompanied by a well-read, misanthropic, telepathic dog named Blood, who helps him locate women, in return for food. Blood cannot forage for himself, due to the same genetic engineering that granted him telepathy. The two steal for a living, evading "roverpacks" (gangs) and mutants. Blood and Vic have an occasionally antagonistic relationship, though they realize that they need each other. At a movie house, Blood claims to smell a woman, and the pair track her to an abandoned YMCA building. There, they meet Quilla June Holmes, a teenaged girl from "Downunder", a society located in a large underground nuclear vault. Before Vic can rape her, Blood informs the pair that a roverpack has tracked them to the building and they have to fight them off. After killing a number of them, the trio hides in a boiler and set the structure on fire. Vic finally has sex with Quilla June, and though she protests at first, she begins to come on to him. Blood takes an instant disliking to her, but Vic ignores him. Vic and Quilla June have sex repeatedly but eventually she attacks him and takes off to return to her underground community. Vic, furious at her deception, follows her, despite Blood's warnings. Blood remains at the portal on the surface. Downunder has an artificial biosphere complete with forests and underground cities. One, named Topeka after the ruins of the city it lies beneath, is fashioned in a surreal mockery of 1950s rural innocence. Vic is captured by the ruling council (the Better Business Bureau). They confess that Quilla June was sent to the surface in order to lure a man to Downunder. The population of Topeka is becoming sterile, and the babies that are born are usually female. They feel that Vic, despite his crudeness and savage behavior, will be able to reinvigorate that male population. Vic is first elated to learn that he is to impregnate the female population, but he quickly grows jaded of his surroundings and plots his escape. Quilla June is reunited with Vic and they plan to escape together. Vic uses the fact that Quilla June's father secretly desires sex with her as a distraction, incapacitating him so that they can escape. On the surface, Vic and Quilla June discover that Blood is starving and near death, having been attacked by radioactive insects and other "things". Quilla June tries to get Vic to leave Blood and take off with her. Knowing he will never survive without Blood's guidance and, more importantly, that Blood will not survive without care and food, Vic faces a difficult situation. It is implied that he kills his new love and cooks her flesh to save Blood's life. The novella ends with Vic remembering her question as Blood eats: "Do you know what love is?" and he concludes, "Sure I know. A boy loves his dog." ===Reception=== The novella won the Nebula Award for Best Novella upon its release in 1969 and was also nominated for the 1970 Hugo Award for Best Novella. ===Film adaptation=== The 1975 science fiction film directed by L.Q. Jones was controversial for alleged misogyny; the script included lines that were not in Ellison's original stories and that authors such as Joanna Russ found to be objectionable. The film's final line is from Blood: "Well, I'd say she certainly had marvelous judgement, Albert, if not particularly good taste." Ellison disavowed this addition as a "moronic, hateful chauvinist last line, which I despise." Ellison did, however, accept that the ending remained popular with fans, saying: "I would have kept the original last line from the original story, which I think is much more human and beguiling than the sort of punchline that L.Q. Jones used. But L.Q. knew what he was doing in terms of the market, I suppose." On the other hand, Harlan also loved the movie (as stated in an interview conversation with L.Q. Jones on the Shout Factory Blu Ray); after Jones screened it to him, he said it was exactly what the story was supposed to be on screen. It was a few days after he brought up his problems, mostly concerning the way Blood talked about the girl during the locker room scene when they first meet. ==Run, Spot, Run== ===Plot=== Although Blood is now back on his feet and travelling west, the pair's situation deteriorates as the guilt-ridden Vic begins having hallucinations of a ghostly Quilla June, which Blood also experiences through their telepathic link. Due to his preoccupation, Vic stumbles into an encounter with a roving gang of child soldiers and slaves led by the adult "Fellini", and badly breaks his ankle while attempting to escape. At Blood's suggestion, Vic climbs into a hollow tree stump to hide, and Blood covers him with leaves and dirt before going to hide himself. Hours later, with the gang gone, Blood returns to find the stump surrounded by giant spiders. Driving them off, Blood finds Vic in a hopeless, almost catatonic state, and despite Blood's appeals, Vic allows himself to be cocooned by one of the spiders. Blood runs off as the spider finishes and begins to look for new prey, and he continues west, now haunted by the ghost of Vic rather than Quilla June. ===Production=== The reasons given by Ellison for this abrupt ending have differed over the years. One relates to his anger over the L.Q. Jones ending of the film, as detailed above. The other is, according to Ellison, essentially a desire to stop his fans from requesting more stories about the two characters. Ellison claimed at the time of the film's release that he had said all he wanted to say about Vic and Blood, and that there would be no more sequels. ===Blood's A Rover=== A publication of a sequel novel, Blood's A Rover, was announced by Ace Books in the early 1980s; while Ellison spent the advance, he never delivered a manuscript, and the publication was canceled (Ace agreed to settle for republishing 13 of Ellison's books. In the introduction to Vic and Blood, dated 25 March 2003, Ellison claimed to have finished it, but that "the final, longest section is in screenplay form—and they're bidding here in Hollywood, once again, for the feature film and tv rights—and one of these days before I go through that final door, I'll translate it into elegant prose, and the full novel will appear" ==References== Category:1969 short stories Category:Alternate history short stories Category:Cannibalism in fiction Category:Cold War fiction Category:Fiction about telepathy Category:Fiction set in 2024 Category:Nebula Award for Best Novella-winning works Category:Novels set during World War III Category:Fiction about nuclear war and weapons Category:American post-apocalyptic fiction Category:Short stories by Harlan Ellison Category:Short stories set in the United States
20066376	A Delicate Balance	A Delicate Balance may refer to: * A Delicate Balance (play), by Edward Albee ** A Delicate Balance (film), an adaptation directed by Tony Richardson * "A Delicate Balance" (Touched by an Angel episode)
20067619	A Case of Exploding Mangoes	A Case of Exploding Mangoes is a 2008 comic novel by the Pakistani writer Mohammed Hanif. It is based on the 1988 aircraft crash that killed Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, the sixth president of Pakistan. The book received generally positive reviews from critics. It won the Commonwealth Foundation's Best First Book prize in 2009, and was shortlisted for the Guardian First Book Award. == Plot summary == The central theme of the book is a fictitious story behind the real-life aircraft crash which killed Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq, president of Pakistan from 1977 to 1988, about which there are many conspiracy theories. After witnessing a tank parade in Bahawalpur, Pakistan on August 17, 1988, Zia leaves the small Punjabi town in the C-130 Hercules aircraft designated "Pak One," along with several of his senior army officials, the US Ambassador to Pakistan Arnold Raphel, and some crates of mangoes. Shortly after a smooth takeoff, the control tower loses contact with the aircraft. Witnesses who saw the plane in the air later claim it was flying erratically, before nosediving and exploding on impact, killing all 31 on board. Zia had ruled Pakistan for 11 years prior to his death. Lazy, irreverent Ali Shigri narrates the story. Ali's father, Col. Quli Shigri, has recently died in what was called a suicide, but Ali discovers that his father was killed by a rogue ISI officer, Major Kiyani, under Zia's orders. The story takes place in the months before the plane crash, jumping back and forth between Ali's revenge plans and his third-person observations of Zia's life. Ali attends the Pakistani Air Force Academy with his fellow cadets and their instructors. His best friend is Cadet "Baby O" Obaid, his roommate and lover. Interspersed between pieces of Ali's narrative are glimpses into the lives of other key Pakistani and American political players: Chief of Pakistani Intelligence General Akhtar Abdur Rahman, American ambassador to Pakistan Arnold Raphel, and President Zia ul- Haq himself. The book also touches on the perspectives of some of Zia's closest confidants. Over the course of the book, Zia grows ever more suspicious of those in his inner circle until he is driven utterly mad by his own paranoia. Every morning, he asks his chief of security, "Who's trying to kill me?" A devout Muslim, he attends daily prayers, where he weeps loudly (an occurrence to which the other worshippers have become accustomed). He fights with his wife and takes every opportunity to leer at non-Muslim cleavage. In one subplot, General Zia sentences Zainab, a blind woman, to death by stoning for being the victim of a gang rape. Being blind, she could not identify her attackers, so according to Zia’s sharia court, she has committed adultery. For condemning her, Zainab calls down a curse upon Zia. The curse is picked up by a sugar-obsessed crow. In another subplot, Arnold Raphel holds a Fourth of July party in Islamabad. A young, bearded Saudi known as "OBL" attends. OBL works for Laden and Co. Constructions, making this a clear reference to, and a cameo by, Osama bin Laden. Ali's revenge plot consists of stabbing Zia in the eye with his under-officer sword, a move he practices daily in secret. But Baby O concocts a new plot to kill Zia by crashing a plane kamikaze-style down on him. He even goes so far as to steal a plane for the job, but in doing so, he accidentally lands Ali in prison at Lahore Fort, a torture center. While there, Ali listens to the screams of his tortured fellow prisoners and talks via a hole in the wall with the "Secretary General" who has been in solitary confinement there for nine years. Ali eventually learns that his own father is the one responsible for turning Lahore Fort into a torture center ("Nice work, Dad," he responds). Meanwhile, Major Kiyani appears on the scene, intending to torture Ali. A sudden change in ISI command takes place, and Ali is freed in time to avoid torture. Upon his arrival back at the Pakistani Air Force Academy, he learns that he has been chosen as part of the squad that will perform a silent drill salute for Zia. Ali will finally have his opportunity, and he decides to stake his revenge plot on the use of snake venom from Uncle Starchy (launderer for PAF Academy), injected into Zia's hand via Ali's sword. After the silent drill salute, Zia boards the doomed Pak One. The novel does not confirm whether or not Ali is successful in his attempt to assassinate General Zia. Rather, several alternatives are offered: the curse-carrying crow that crashed into the plane's engines while pursuing the mangoes, an explosive planted in the mangoes by the All Pakistan Sweepers Union in revenge for the death of their general-secretary at the hands of Major Kiyani, or one of Zia's confidants, each with their own secrets and motivations. The book even speculates that it could be the work of the CIA. == Themes == === Corruption === General Akhtar Abdul Rehman is the chief of ISI under General Zia. He controlled the tremendously great ISI and falls resentfully to second in importance, command, and control to General Zia ul-Haq. The ISI with its government agent systems and the measure of financing makes General Akhtar an exceptionally well-off and dangerous man. As ISI is in charge of piping the assets and weapons to the Afghan mujahideen, the book indicates that every one of these assets are not given to the mujahideen. The millions are occupied somewhere else, to people with great influence, General Akhtar chief among them. === Global politics === The book explores the seemingly self- contradictory nature of American policy in the Middle East during this time. Much time is spent discussing the joint US-Pakistan effort to support Afghan mujahideen guerilla fighters against Soviet forces in the 1980s. Hanif writes, "Would-be supporters of the jihad against the Soviets were sent cards carrying a picture of a dead Afghan child (caption: Better dead than red)." Readers are reminded that the US enthusiastically collaborated with General Zia to finance, train, and supply the Afghan mujahideen in their insurgency. It was Zia who permitted the shipment of American arms and billions of American dollars to the rebels, and who allowed the border regions of Pakistan to be used as their haven and training base. Hanif highlights the irony in America wanting to purge the world of one type of authoritarianism by cultivating another. By propping up an unhinged dictator like Zia and conspiring with violent radicals, Hanif believes that the U.S. demonstrates that it will manipulate any weaker actor it can into being a pawn in their foreign policy strategy. === Islamism === Throughout the book, Zia remains convinced he is guided by Allah and feels he is receiving ominous messages straight out of the Quran predicting his demise. During his presidency Zia was credited for the Islamization of Pakistan. He was committed to enforcing his interpretation of Nizam-e-Mustafa ("Rule of the prophet" Muhammad), i.e. to establish an Islamic state and enforce sharia law. Hanif depicts this in a negative light to expose the hypocrisies he believes are present in political Islam. == Characters == === Fictitious characters === * Under Officer Ali Shigri – protagonist, leader of "Silent Drill Squad" at Pakistan Air Force Academy, Risalpur * Major Kiyani – ISI officer who pushes Shigri to sign off that his father was a suicide (may be based on 2007-2013 Pakistan Army Chief Ashfaq Pervez Kayani, but not identical—as revealed at the novel's end) and transports Shigri between prisons * "Secretary General" – prisoner in the cell next to Ali Shigri, who claims to have been the Secretary General of the All Pakistan Sweepers Union back in the beginning of Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq's era. His real name is never revealed. * Under Officer Obaid "Baby O" – Shigri's roommate and lover at Pakistan Air Force Academy, who develops the idea of crashing his plane into an area where Zia is present (in manner of Mathias Rust's flight into Moscow) * Brigadier TM-Tahir Mirza – bears a slight resemblance to Tariq Mehmood. Dies in a televised parachuting accident. * Lt. "Loot" Bannon – hash-smoking USAF instructor who develops "Silent Drill" * "Uncle Starchy" – launderer for PAF Academy, who keeps jars of krait venom which he terms "death nectar" * Zainab – blind rape-victim whom Zia sentences to death (through stoning) for adultery, and who curses Zia === Real people appearing as characters === * General Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq * Zia's wife, Begum Shafiq Zia * General Akhtar Abdur Rahman * General Mirza Aslam Beg * U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Arnold Raphel * Raphel's wife, diplomat Nancy Halliday Ely-Raphel * CIA Near East & South Asia Division Chief Charles Cogan * Osama bin Laden * Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceaușescu * U.S. political activist Joanne Herring == Reception == The Guardian described the novel as "woven in language as explosive as the mangoes themselves, is wickedly cynical and reveals layers of outrageous – and plausible – corruption." The New York Times, in a review, called the novel "eerie timeliness". The Washington Post concluded its review by attesting that "Hanif has his own story to tell, one that defies expectations at every turn." == Awards and nominations == * Winner of the 2009 Commonwealth Book Prize in the Best First Book category.2009 Winners, , The Commonwealth Foundation Website. Retrieved 2012-02-06. * Winner of the 2008 Shakti Bhatt First Book Prize.'The Shakti Bhatt First Book Prize 2008 - The Winner', , Remembering Shakti Bhatt webpage , 27 January 2009. Retrieved 2012-02-06. * Shortlisted for the 2008 Guardian First Book Award. * Longlisted for the 2008 Man Booker Prize.Prize Archive 2008, , The Man Booker Prize website. Retrieved 2012-02-06. == References == Category:2008 novels Category:Pakistani novels Category:Political novels Category:Satirical novels Category:Fiction set in 1988 Category:Novels set in Pakistan Category:Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq Category:Alfred A. Knopf books Category:English-language novels Category:Novels by Mohammed Hanif Category:Aviation novels Category:2008 debut novels
20168708	A Few Notes on Our Food Problem	A Few Notes on Our Food Problem is a 1968 American documentary film directed by James Blue. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. ==See also== *List of American films of 1968 ==References== ==External links== * *, posted by the Knight Library Category:1968 films Category:1968 documentary films Category:American documentary films Category:1960s English-language films Category:1960s American films
20185493	A Grandpa for Christmas	A Grandpa for Christmas is a 2007 American made-for-television comedy-drama film starring Ernest Borgnine and Juliette Goglia. It premiered on Hallmark Channel on November 24, 2007. ==Plot== Bert (Ernest Borgnine) is a retired Hollywood actor who has been estranged from his only daughter Marie (Tracy Nelson) for many years. When she ends up in the hospital following a car accident, Social Services places her 10-year-old daughter, Becca (Juliette Goglia), with the grandfather she has never met. The generation gap is apparent as Bert and Becca try to adjust to their new lives together. In taking in the granddaughter, he never knew about, he is faced with the resentment toward him due to these stories told by the grandmother. Bert is faced with the dilemma of whether to tell his granddaughter, and later his daughter, the truth, which if they believe him, may ruin their memory of the late grandmother, or stay quiet. The dilemma is resolved when one of Bert’s friends tells the mother the truth. ==Cast== *Ernest Borgnine as Bert O'Riley *Juliette Goglia as Becca O'Riley *Tracy Nelson as Marie O'Riley *Katherine Helmond as Roxie *Richard Libertini as Karl *Quinn Redeker as Jack Fast *Jamie Farr as Adam ==Reception== In prime time, the movie led the network to rank #1 in the time period, #1 for the weekend, and #4 for the week. It also became the third-highest-ever-rated original movie premiere on Hallmark Channel to the premiere date. ==Awards== *The Dove Foundation gave A Grandpa for Christmas the Dove Family Approved Seal on November 6, 2007. *Ernest Borgnine received a Golden Globe nomination for his performance. ==Production notes== *David N. Lawrence wrote A Christmas Song, the song that Becca sings at the recital. ==See also== * List of Christmas films ==External links== * * * A Grandpa for Christmas on Hallmark Channel * A Grandpa for Christmas on Hallmark Channel's Press Site ==References== Category:2007 television films Category:2007 films Category:Christmas television films Category:2000s English-language films Category:Hallmark Channel original films Category:Films set in hospitals Category:American Christmas films Category:Films directed by Harvey Frost Category:English-language Christmas films
20357995	A Letter from Home (film)	A Letter from Home is a 1941 British short documentary film directed by Carol Reed. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. ==Cast== * Joyce Grenfell as American Mother * Kathleen Harrison as The Maid * Celia Johnson as English Mother * Edie Martin as Bespectacled shopper ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1941 films Category:1941 documentary films Category:1941 short films Category:British short documentary films Category:British black-and-white films Category:Black-and-white documentary films Category:Films directed by Carol Reed Category:1940s short documentary films Category:20th Century Fox films Category:1940s English- language films Category:1940s British films
20375219	A Hero Never Dies	A Hero Never Dies () HKMDB is a 1998 Hong Kong action crime drama, and the first Milkyway Image film to be directed by Johnnie To. Starring Leon Lai and Lau Ching-wan, A Hero Never Dies is a heroic bloodshed tale centering on the friendship and rivalry of two Triads in the midst of a gang war. The film has often been compared to the 1986 Hong Kong film A Better Tomorrow as both films involve characters who wind up being betrayed by their bosses.A Hero Never Dies: Reviews ==Cast and roles== * Leon Lai as Jack * Lau Ching-wan as Martin * Fiona Leung as Fiona, Martin's girlfriend * Yoyo Mung as Yoyo, Jack's girlfriend * Henry Fong as Mr. Fong * Yen Shi-Kwan as Boss Yam * Keiji Sato as Killer * Michael Lam as Bodyguard * Yuen Bun * Cheung Chi-ping * Lam Suet * Chiu Chi-shing * Law Ching-ting * Wong Tin-lam as Wong * Law Wing-cheung * Philip Keung ==References== ==External links== * * Hong Kong Cinemagic entry * A Hero Never Dies at hkmdb.com Category:1998 films Category:1998 action thriller films Category:1998 crime drama films Category:Hong Kong action thriller films Category:Films directed by Johnnie To Category:Milkyway Image films Category:Gun fu films Category:1990s Cantonese-language films Category:Films set in Hong Kong Category:Films shot in Hong Kong Category:1998 drama films Category:1990s Hong Kong films
20414226	A City Decides	A City Decides is a 1956 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim about the racial integration of St. Louis Public Schools. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Short. ==See also== * Civil rights movement in popular culture ==References== ==External links== *A City Decides at the National Film Preservation Foundation * Category:1956 films Category:1956 documentary films Category:1956 short films Category:1950s short documentary films Category:American short documentary films Category:Documentary films about education in the United States Category:Documentary films about the civil rights movement Category:Films directed by Charles Guggenheim Category:Films set in St. Louis Category:Films shot in St. Louis Category:African-American history of Missouri Category:Education in St. Louis Category:Documentary films about Missouri Category:1950s English-language films Category:1950s American films Category:American black-and-white films Category:English-language documentary films
20461830	A Frozen Flower	A Frozen Flower () is a 2008 South Korean historical erotic thriller film. It is directed by Yoo Ha and stars Zo In-sung, Joo Jin-mo and Song Ji-hyo. December 17, 2008. The historical film is set during Goryeo Dynasty and is loosely based on the reign of Gongmin of Goryeo (1330–1374), but it does not strictly comply with historical facts. January 10, 2009. The controversial story is about the characters' violation of royal family protocol and their pursuit of love.Yang Sung-hee. . The Korea Herald. December 10, 2008. Retrieved August 6, 2012 April 4, 2010. It was released in South Korea on December 30, 2008, and was the 6th most attended film of 2008 with 3,772,976 tickets sold."Two Top Stars Bare It All in New Movie". KBS World. November 24, 2008. Retrieved November 30, 2008 == Plot == The King (Joo Jin-mo) of Goryeo is married to a Yuan Dynasty princess (Song Ji-hyo), but they do not have any children. There is constant pressure on the King both from the Yuan emperor and his own counselors to produce a crown prince and ensure the continuity of the royal dynasty. The King's palace guard is composed of thirty six young soldiers, led by military commander Hong-rim (Zo In-sung), who is also the King's lover. The King finally decides to charge Hong-rim with a strange commission: penetrate the Queen to impregnate her. Hong-rim and the Queen are uncomfortable accepting the royal order, but they finally comply. However, their relationship does not stop at procreation, but an intense romance soon blossoms between the two, and in this strong intimate relationship there is no place for the King. The two passionate lovers surpass their "official mission" and continue to meet each other at midnight in the library in secret. The King begins to suspect Hong-rim's infidelity and soon gains evidence through his junior commander. To punish them and to also gauge the depth of Hong-rim's affection for the Queen, the King calls the two together to his chamber. The king tells them that he has decided that the Queen will continue to try and beget an heir, but only with another subordinate. The King remains firm in his decision, despite entreaties from both the Queen and Hong-rim. In despair, the Queen attempts to kill herself by slitting her wrists, but fails. In a last- ditch effort to change the King's mind, Hong-rim asks the Queen to stay away from him, and goes to the King to offer his own life in exchange for forgiveness. The King pardons him, believing Hong-rim's claim that his involvement with the Queen was purely lust. He decides to overlook everything that had happened, and instead orders Hong-rim to go away for a while to clear his mind and settle his emotions. The night before Hong-rim's departure, the Queen's personal maid secretly informs him that the Queen wishes to meet him one last time. She also bears news that the Queen has finally conceived a child. Hong-rim sneaks out from the King's bedside to meet the Queen in the library. They end up having passionate sex in the library, but the King realizes what is happening and catches them in flagrante delicto. When the two lovers attempt to save each other by begging the King to kill them and not the other, the King realizes how strong their romantic love for each other is. In a jealous rage, he has Hong-rim castrated and sent to prison. The Queen now realizes that the King will eliminate everyone who knows their secret, so she sends her maid to warn Hong-rim's loyal subordinates, and they manage to free Hong-rim from prison and flee the city with him. Upon learning of the escape, the King demands to know Hong-rim's whereabouts from the Queen, but she refuses to answer. In response, he kills her maid. The King is then informed that the Queen is pregnant, and as the Queen had predicted, he then orders the execution of everyone who knows that he is not the child's father. Only his junior commander, who took over from Hong-rim, is spared. Some time later, and having recovered from his wound, Hong-rim realizes that the Queen is still in the palace and not on the run, as his subordinates were ordered to tell him. Furious, he starts out for the city on horseback, despite their protests, but then he stops in his journey, realizing how futile it would be. However, on returning to the refuge, he finds that his men have been tracked down and captured. At the palace, the King tortures the subordinates to discover the whereabouts of Hong-rim, but they remain silent, so the King has them executed and their heads put up on posts on the palace gates, along with that of the Queen's maid. Her head bears the Queen's necklace, in order to trick Hong-rim into believing the queen is dead and forcing him to return to exact revenge. When Hong-rim returns to the city, he indeed becomes enraged by this sight and determines to kill the King. Disguising himself as a soldier, he enters the palace grounds during the celebrations for the soldier who came back from war and hides out, awaiting his chance to reach the King and kill him. Meanwhile, as the King returns to his private quarters, he encounters the Queen, but he snubs her, and orders his junior commander to escort her back to her room. As the commander is about to leave the Queen's chamber, she warns him that the King will surely have him killed as soon as the baby is born; she then says that if the commander assassinates the King, and her father takes over the throne, she will guarantee that his life will be spared. The junior commander then calls a meeting of his most trusted subordinates and reveals the truth about the King, the Queen and Hong-rim. However, before they can carry out the Queen's plan, Hong-rim goes into action. Ignoring the palace guards, who plead with him to leave before he is captured and killed, he fights his way to the King's quarters, cutting down all who oppose him. Reaching the King's chamber, Hong-rim confronts the King and demands that he fight him. An intense duel ensues, during which Hong-rim slashes through the King's favorite painting, which depicts him and Hong-rim hunting together. As the desperate duel continues, the junior commander and his men arrive (their intentions not entirely clear), but the King orders them not to intervene, and the junior commander holds them back and awaits the outcome of the fight. At the climax of the duel, the King manages to break Hong-rim's sword, and stabs him in the shoulder. While Hong-rim is pinned by his sword, the King asks him a last question: whether or not Hong-rim had ever felt love for him. Hong-rim replies, "No". Hearing this, the King is shocked, giving Hong-rim time to throw himself forward on the blade and kill the King with the remaining half of his own sword. As the King dies, Hong-rim staggers to his feet, pulls the King's sword from his shoulder and charges at the guards, but he is fatally stabbed by the junior commander. Moments later, the Queen arrives at the scene with the guards at her heels, who try to hold her back. Horrified, she tearfully calls out for Hong-rim. As she is taken away by the guards, Hong-rim realizes that the King had not killed her after all. He turns his head from her and dies facing the king, his eyes filled with realization of his test. The junior commander then declares that the King has been killed by an assassin, and he orders his men to quickly remove the bodies, and to tell no one of what has transpired. The final scenes of the film show a flashback to when the King showed young Hong-rim the view of the city and asked if Hong-rim wished to live with him, to which the young Hong-rim replied "Yes." The film ends on a montage of the King and Hong-rim happily hunting together, referring back to a dream the King once had, as depicted in the King's painting. ==Cast== ===Main=== *Zo In-sung as Hong-rim **Yeo Jin-goo as young Hong-rim *Joo Jin-mo as the King **Lee Poong-woon as young the King *Song Ji-hyo as Queen Han Ik-Bi ===Supporting=== *Shim Ji-ho as Seung-ki **Baek Seung-ho as young Seung-ki *Lim Ju-hwan as Han-baek **Seo Young-joo as young Han-baek *Yeo Wook-hwan as Im-bo *Song Joong-ki as No-tak *Jang Ji-won as Bo-duk *Kim Choon- ki as Eunuch Hwang *Lee Jong-goo as Tae-sa *Kwon Tae-won as Jo Il-moon *Do Yong-koo as Ki Won-hong *Ko In-bum as Yeon Ki-mok *Ham Kun-soo as Yuan Dynasty Four Symbols *No Min-woo as Min-woo *Do Ye-sung as Choi-Kwan *Ham Sung-min as Seong-min *Park Jong-soo as Eunuch Shin *Son Jong-hak as 밀사 *Kang-Poong as 밀사 *Jo Yong-hyun as a young eunuch *Kim Pil-joong as a young eunuch *Jung In-hwa as Court Lady Park *Park Jong-bo as Lord Chil-Won *Kim Ki-suk as a young Buddhist monk *Park Min-kyoo as a young Buddhist monk *Kim Ki-bang as a shop owner in Byeollak Province *Lee Se-ryang as a shop owner in Hyangnang *Lee Ye- na as a Royal consort *Hong Ka-yeon as a Royal consort *Min Ji-hyun as a Royal consort *Lee Jung-joo as a Palace maid who dressed like a man *Kim Min-ah as one of Queen Hall's Musuri *Lee Jin-ah as one of Queen Hall's Musuri *Kim Hee- seon as one of Yeongsu Hall's maid *Kim Se-hee as one of Yeongsu Hall's maid *Kim Kyung-hee as a Court Lady *Choi Seung-hee as a Court Lady *Choi Seung-il as a Eunuch *Lee Seon-min as a Eunuch *Kang Dong-kyoon as a Eunuch *Jo Jin- woong as Lord Tae Ahn *Im Hyun-sung ===Cameo=== Cast Character Kim Hyo-joo Banquet Dancer Han Sun-young Park Sun-young Choi Yoo-jin Im Ji-hyun Im Ji- young Lee Mi-yun Kim Se-jung Kim Ga-eun Kim Soo-ji Lee Keum-hee Yoon Hye-sun Jung Sung-il Royal Guard Lee Suk-woo Hyun-Woo Baek Jae-ho Kim Ji-won Lee Jae- won Hwang Joon-hyuk Han Tae-sung Min Ji-hyuk Ri-Eul Park Sung-hoon Jung Woo- jin Kim Ki-bum Dae-Ho Kim Hyun-woong Kim Sung-joon Hong Jong-hyun Yoon Ho-kyoo Moon Suk-hee Jo Sang-min Kim Woo-hee Jo Kang-hyun Kim Tae-soo Cha Seung-joon Jung Ahn-woo young Royal Guard Jung Kwang-min Kim Ki-yoon Kim Kwang-jo Park Jae-yun Oh Hyun-seung Lee Sung-woo Kim Jung-woo Baek Sang-heun Han Seung-bum Kim Hyun-soo Seo Young-hyun Park Ji-min Park In-kul Lee Seung-koo Wang Hyuk- joon Lee Kun-ho Han Ji-won Song Yoon-ho Yoo Dong-kyoo Park Yong-kang Park Sang-min Im Hyuk-joon Lee Hee-sung Lee Hee-chul Koo Dong-wook Hwang Bi-hong Yoo Jung-yun Lee Joo-hoon Ha Dong-hyun == Production == According to historical records, after the death of his Mongolian-born queen, Noguk, King Gongmin descended into a life of homosexual debauchery, hiring a team of handsome male bodyguards of noble birth to serve in the palace in 1372. When one of the bodyguards made King Gongmin's second wife pregnant, Gongmin tried to kill him to quell the scandal, but was killed by the bodyguard's friends instead. But some historians disagree with this account, insisting that Gongmin was slandered in an attempt to justify the founding of the Joseon Dynasty, and that the youths were just bodyguards. A Frozen Flower takes its title from a song of that era which described the sexual relationships between Hong-rim and the Queen.Moon Seok. "Count on the Autumn Harvest!". Korean Film Observatory #26 , pp. 36. Korean Film Council, 2008. Retrieved November 30, 2008 It is the fifth feature film by director Yoo Ha, who wanted to make a change from his previous works by doing a historical film, saying, "I always felt uncomfortable with the genre but I felt I should try to overcome those feelings. It is also a new challenge for me to focus on a melodrama.""Jo In- seong to act out homosexual love in Director Yoo Ha's upcoming historical film". Hancinema. August 6, 2007; originally published by BroAsia. Retrieved November 30, 2008 He also stated that the film was "a love story between men."Sa Eun-young. "Zo to Appear in Epic Movie" . The Korea Times. August 6, 2008. Retrieved August 30, 2008 Zo In-sung was on board from the beginning of the project, and turned down other acting roles to make A Frozen Flower his last work before enlisting for military service. He chose to appear in the film without knowing the exact details, having faith in the director following their earlier collaboration in 2005 on A Dirty Carnival. Jo began training for the role in August 2007, learning martial arts, fencing, horse riding and geomungo. The casting of Joo Jin-mo as the king was announced in December 2007.Yi Ch'ang-ho. "YOO Ha Casts JOO Jin-mo alongside JO In-seong". Hancinema. December 5, 2007; originally published by the Korea Film Council. Retrieved November 30, 2008 The budget for A Frozen Flower was $10 million,Han Sunhee. "Yoo Ha takes on 'Frozen'". Variety. December 11, 2007. Retrieved December 1, 2008 and the film went into production on April 16, 2008. It was the first film to shoot at the newly built Jeonju Cinema Studio.Han Sunhee. "Jeonju unveils studio and prod'n incentives" . Variety. May 1, 2008. Retrieved December 1, 2008 ==Awards and nominations== ;2009 Baeksang Arts Awards * Best Actor - Joo Jin-mo * Nomination - Most Popular Actress (Film) - Song Ji-hyo * Nomination - Best Film ;2009 Grand Bell Awards * Best Art Direction - Kim Ki- chul * Best Music - Kim Jun-seok * Nomination - Best Lighting - Yoon Ji-won * Nomination - Best Costume Design - Lee Hye-soon, Jeong Jeong-eun ;2009 Blue Dragon Film Awards * Nomination - Best Cinematography - Choi Hyun-ki * Nomination - Best Art Direction - Kim Ki-chul * Nomination - Best Lighting - Yoon Ji-won * Nomination - Technical Award - Lee Hye-soon, Jeong Jeong-eun (Costume Design) ;2010 Fantasporto * Orient Express Section Special Jury Award - Yoo Ha ==International== The rights of the film were sold to Japan, Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands and Luxembourg before it was completed, and also a further seven countries at the European Film Market."Frozen Flower Sold to 7 Countries at Berlin" KBS Global. February 17, 2009. Retrieved November 11, 2011 == See also == * List of Korean-language films == References == == External links == * * * * Category:2008 films Category:2008 drama films Category:South Korean historical romance films Category:South Korean LGBT- related films Category:Films set in the 14th century Category:Films set in the Goryeo Dynasty Category:Films directed by Yoo Ha Category:2000s Korean- language films Category:South Korean erotic films Category:2000s erotic films Category:Showbox films Category:Sponge Entertainment films Category:Bisexuality-related films Category:2008 LGBT-related films Category:LGBT-related romantic drama films Category:2000s historical romance films Category:Male bisexuality in film Category:2000s South Korean films Category:Films set in Kaesong
2054290	A Blaze in the Northern Sky	A Blaze in the Northern Sky is the second studio album by Norwegian black metal band Darkthrone. It was recorded at Creative Studios in August 1991Darkthrone – A Blaze in the Northern Sky CD cover and released on 26 February 1992 by Peaceville Records. It contained the band's first black metal recordings and is considered a classic within the genre. It was the first album of what fans dub the "Unholy Trinity", the other albums being Under a Funeral Moon and Transilvanian Hunger.Eduardo Rivadavia: Under a Funeral Moon - Darkthrone.James Montague: Darkthrone - The Cult Is Alive. It was the last album to feature bassist Dag Nilsen. In 2020, the album was put on the National Library of Norway's permanent exhibition due to its significance to Norwegian culture and as a starting point for Norwegian Black Metal. == Background == Darkthrone's first album, 1991's Soulside Journey, was a Swedish-styled death metal release. After recording Soulside Journey, the band began writing songs with more black metal traits. This yielded the instrumental demo Goatlord. After recording Goatlord, three of the band members—Fenriz, Nocturno Culto and Zephyrous—decided that they wanted to focus on making black metal music. Bassist Nilsen disliked this shift in direction, and quit the band. However, he agreed to record his bass parts for the album as a session member. A Blaze in the Northern Sky was recorded during August 1991 at Creative Studios in Kolbotn; the same studio where Mayhem recorded their influential Deathcrush EP. In an interview, Fenriz said that the album was somewhat "rushed" and that many of the songs have "death metal guitar riffs" played in a "black metal style". Due to Darkthrone's sudden change from death metal to black metal, Peaceville was unwilling to release the album as it was. The shocked record label had expected that the band would continue recording death metal in the vein of Soulside Journey. Peaceville agreed to release the album only if they were able to remix it, stating that the sound was "too weak". The band then threatened to release it through Deathlike Silence Productions, the record label owned by Øystein "Euronymous" Aarseth of Mayhem (to whom the album is dedicated). However, Peaceville eventually agreed to release the album as it was recorded. == Release == The album was released by Peaceville on 26 February 1992. The first CD pressing was limited to 2,000 copies and had a white disc. The front cover featured Ivar Enger (Zephyrous), the band's rhythm guitarist. It was remastered and reissued by Peaceville in 2003, as well as being repackaged in a cardboard digipak. The second chapter of a four-part video interview (spanning the first four albums) with Fenriz and Nocturno was also included. A Blaze was reissued again by Peaceville in December 2009 as a double gatefold LP on 180 gram vinyl, limited to 2,000 copies. === Critical reception === In his retrospective review of the album, Eduardo Rivadavia from AllMusic gave A Blaze 5 out of 5 stars, calling it "a classic whose almost indefensibly lo-fi standards would reinvigorate an entire strain of black metal". Valefor from Metal Reviews wrote that it "would come to epitomize True Black Metal [...] raw production, simple riffs, no color on their album covers... just pure frozen evil."Valefor: Darkthrone - A Blaze in the Northern Sky. Retrieved 4 October 2012. Channing Freeman of Sputnikmusic called the album "triumphant", with a balanced blend of "frozen production and guttural screams" and "a sense of community". In 2009, IGN included A Blaze in the Northern Sky in their "10 Great Black Metal Albums" list, while a 2007 article in Decibel magazine called it "the first truly blackened death metal album". Kerrang! called it "a dark watershed for the black metal genre" and the song In the Shadow of the Horns as "seven minutes of defiant lo-fi production, frostbitten purpose and blunt-force simplicity". == Track listing == == Personnel == === Darkthrone === * Nocturno Culto – lead guitar, vocals * Zephyrous – rhythm guitar * Fenriz – drums, backing vocals === Additional musicians === * Dag Nilsen – bass guitar === Production === * Dave Pybus – album cover design == References == Category:Darkthrone albums Category:1992 albums Category:Peaceville Records albums
20564197	A Figa	A Figa is an archaeological site in Corsica. It is located in the commune of Sartène. Category:Archaeological sites in Corsica
20567152	A Crime for Christmas	A Crime for Christmas is a Hardy Boys and Nancy Drew Supermystery novel.A Crime for Christmas at WorldCat In New York at Christmastime, Nancy Drew teams up with the Hardys to help protect the crown jewels of Sarconne. They keep them from falling into the hands of two sinister crooks who are determined to get them. Meanwhile, Bess goes on a date with John, a complete stranger to her, and ends up with guns to her head. The final showdown takes place at a formal United Nations gathering. ==References== Category:Supermystery Category:1988 American novels Category:1988 children's books Category:Christmas children's books Category:Novels set in New York City Category:Children's books set in New York City
20605063	A Future for the Michel	A Future for the Michel (Eine Zukunft für den Michel) is a compilation album supporting charity by Moya Brennan and Schiller. The album was released in December 2005 to raise money for St. Michel's Church in Hamburg. The compilation features collaborations between the two artists and solo works.Northern Skyline - Moya Brennan, Clannad & Enya site All profits from the compilation have gone to the church in order to have it restored and kept open. Only a limited number were released. ==Track listing== #"The Smile" (Schiller with Sarah Brightman) #"Against the Wind" (Moya Brennan) #"Land of Youth" (Moya Brennan) #"Delicately Yours" (Schiller with Kim Sanders) #"River" (Moya Brennan) #"Falling" (Schiller with Moya Brennan) #"Lichtwerk" (Schiller) #"Bright Star" (Moya Brennan) #"Show Me" (Moya Brennan – Schiller Remix) #"Zukunft" (Schiller) ==References== Category:2005 compilation albums Category:Charity albums Category:Schiller (band) albums Category:Moya Brennan albums
20636465	A Friend of Cupid	A Friend of Cupid is a 1925 silent-era British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and featuring Sydney Fairbrother and Irene Tripod. ==Cast== *Sydney Fairbrother as Mrs. May *Irene Tripod as Mrs. McMull ==References== ==External links== * Category:1925 films Category:1926 comedy films Category:1926 films Category:British comedy films Category:British silent short films Category:Films directed by Leslie S. Hiscott Category:British black-and-white films Category:1925 comedy films Category:1920s British films Category:Silent comedy films
2064809	A Healthy Distrust	A Healthy Distrust is the second solo studio album by American rapper Sage Francis. It was released on Epitaph Records in 2005. It peaked at number 12 on Billboards Heatseekers Albums chart, as well as number 17 on the Independent Albums chart. ==Critical reception== At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 78, based on 26 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Brian Howe of Pitchfork gave the album an 8.0 out of 10, saying, "On A Healthy Distrust, Francis continues to refine his contradictory blend of trash talk and activism, political polemic and introspection, pedantic bluster and profound insecurity." Stefan Braidwood of PopMatters gave the album 8 stars out of 10, saying, "A Healthy Distrust bears up effortlessly to the demands of both casual entertainment and prolonged, thoughtful analysis." Ron Hart of Billboard called it "[Sage Francis'] most impressive album yet." Michael Bennett of Stylus Magazine gave the album a grade of B, saying, "A Healthy Distrusts production and wordplay have improved to such a large degree that it's hard to believe that it could happen again on the next outing." ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Credits adapted from liner notes. * Sage Francis – vocals, recording, executive production * Reanimator – production (1, 8, 12, 14) * Alias – production (2, 4, 5), guitar (10), drums (10) * Danger Mouse – production (3) * Joe Beats – production (6) * Daddy Kev – production (7) * Controller 7 – production (9) * Sixtoo – production (10, 11) * Varick Pyr – production (13) * Will Oldham – vocals (2), guitar (2) * Tom Inhaler – guitar (15) * Nathan H. – harmonica (15) * Chris Warren – engineering, mixing * Gene Grimaldi – mastering ==Charts== Chart (2005) Peak position ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2005 albums Category:Sage Francis albums Category:Epitaph Records albums Category:Albums produced by Alias (musician) Category:Albums produced by Danger Mouse (musician) Category:Albums produced by Daddy Kev
20691749	A Few Good Men	A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film based on Aaron Sorkin's 1989 play. It was written by Sorkin, directed by Rob Reiner, and produced by Reiner, David Brown and Andrew Scheinman. It stars an ensemble cast including Tom Cruise, Jack Nicholson, Demi Moore, Kevin Bacon, Kevin Pollak, J. T. Walsh, Cuba Gooding Jr., and Kiefer Sutherland. The plot follows the court- martial of two U.S. Marines charged with the murder of a fellow Marine and the tribulations of their lawyers as they prepare a case. Produced by Castle Rock Entertainment, the film was released by Columbia Pictures on December 11, 1992, and premiered on December 9, 1992, at Westwood, Los Angeles. It received acclaim for its screenwriting, direction, themes, and acting, particularly that of Cruise, Nicholson, and Moore. It grossed more than $243 million on a budget of $40 million, and was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Picture. ==Plot== At the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba, Private William Santiago, a United States Marine, is tied up and beaten in the middle of the night. After he is found dead, Lance Corporal Harold Dawson and Private First Class Louden Downey are accused of his murder and face a court-martial. Their defense is assigned to United States Navy JAG Corps Lieutenant Daniel Kaffee, a callow lawyer with a penchant for plea bargains. Another JAG attorney, Lieutenant Commander Joanne Galloway, Kaffee's superior, suspects something is amiss. Santiago died after he broke the chain of command to ask to be transferred away. Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Markinson advocated for Santiago to be transferred, but Base Commander Colonel Nathan Jessep ordered Santiago's platoon commander, Lieutenant Jonathan James Kendrick, to "train" Santiago. Galloway suspects that Dawson and Downey carried out a "code red" order: a violent extrajudicial punishment. Galloway is bothered by Kaffee's blasé approach, and Kaffee resents Galloway's interference. Kaffee and Galloway question Jessep and others at Guantanamo Bay and are met with contempt from the colonel. When Kaffee negotiates a plea bargain with the prosecutor, US Marine JAG Corps Captain Jack Ross, Dawson and Downey refuse, insisting that Kendrick gave them the "code red" order, that they never intended to kill Santiago, and that it would be dishonorable to pursue a plea bargain. Kaffee intends to get removed as counsel because he thinks the trial is pointless. But at the arraignment, Kaffee unexpectedly enters a plea of not guilty for the defendants. He tells Galloway that he was chosen to handle the case because he was expected to accept a plea, and the matter would then be kept quiet. Markinson meets Kaffee in secret and says that Jessep never ordered a transfer for Santiago. The defense establishes that Dawson had been denied promotion for smuggling food to a Marine who had been sentenced to be deprived of food. Dawson is portrayed in a good light, and the defense, through Downey, proves that "code reds" had been ordered before. But under cross-examination, Downey says that he was not present when Dawson received the supposed "code red" order. Markinson, ashamed that he failed to protect a Marine under his command, commits suicide before he can testify. Without Markinson's testimony, Kaffee believes the case lost. He returns home in a drunken stupor, lamenting that he fought the case instead of taking a deal. Galloway encourages Kaffee to call Jessep as a witness, despite the risk of being court-martialed for challenging a high-ranking officer without evidence. At the Washington Navy Yard court, Jessep spars with Kaffee's questioning, but is unnerved when Kaffee points out a contradiction in his testimony: Jessep said that his Marines never disobey orders and that Santiago was to be transferred for his own safety. Kaffee asks why Santiago was in danger if Jessep had ordered his men to leave him alone. Disgusted by Kaffee's attitude, Jessep extols the military's, and his own, importance to national security. Finally, he bellows with contempt that he ordered the "code red". Jessep tries to leave the courtroom but is arrested. Dawson and Downey are cleared of the murder and conspiracy charges, but found guilty of "conduct unbecoming" and will be dishonorably discharged. Downey does not understand what they did wrong; Dawson says that they failed to defend those too weak to fight for themselves. Kaffee tells Dawson that he does not need to wear a patch on his arm to have honor. Dawson acknowledges Kaffee as an officer, and renders a salute. Kaffee and Ross exchange pleasantries before Ross departs to arrest Kendrick. ==Cast== * Tom Cruise as Lieutenant (junior grade) Daniel Kaffee, USN, JAG Corps * Jack Nicholson as Colonel Nathan R. Jessep, USMC * Demi Moore as Lieutenant Commander Joanne Galloway, USN, JAG Corps * Kevin Bacon as Captain Jack Ross, USMC, Judge Advocate Division * Kiefer Sutherland as First Lieutenant Jonathan James Kendrick, USMC * Kevin Pollak as Lieutenant (junior grade) Sam Weinberg, USN, JAG Corps * Wolfgang Bodison as Lance Corporal Harold W. Dawson, USMC * James Marshall as Private First Class Louden Downey, USMC * J. T. Walsh as Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Andrew Markinson, USMC * J. A. Preston as Judge (Colonel) Julius Alexander Randolph, USMC * Michael DeLorenzo as Private First Class William Santiago, USMC * Noah Wyle as Corporal Jeffrey Owen Barnes, USMC * Cuba Gooding Jr. as Corporal Carl Edward Hammaker, USMC * Xander Berkeley as Captain Whitaker, USN * Matt Craven as Lieutenant Dave Spradling, USN, JAG Corps * John M. Jackson as Captain West, USN, JAG Corps * Christopher Guest as Commander (Dr.) Stone, USN, MC * David Bowe as Commander Gibbs, USN JAG Corps * Joshua Malina as Tom, Jessep's clerk * Harry Caesar as newspaper stand operator Luther * Arthur Senzy as Robert C. McGuire, Special Agent - NIS ==Production== Screenwriter Aaron Sorkin was inspired to write the source play, A Few Good Men, from a phone conversation with his sister Deborah. A graduate of Boston University Law School, she had signed up for a three-year stint with the U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General's Corps. She said that she was going to Guantanamo Bay to defend a group of Marines who had nearly killed a fellow Marine in a hazing ordered by a superior officer. Sorkin wrote much of his story on cocktail napkins while bartending at the Palace Theatre on Broadway. He and his roommates had purchased a Macintosh 512K; when he returned home, he would empty his pockets of the napkins and type them into the computer, forming a basis from which he wrote many drafts. In 1988, Sorkin sold his play's film rights to producer David Brown before it premiered, in a deal reportedly "well into six figures". Brown had read a New York Times article about Sorkin's one-act play Hidden in This Picture, and he learned that Sorkin also had a play called A Few Good Men that was having off-Broadway readings. Brown was producing a few projects at TriStar Pictures, and tried to interest them in adapting A Few Good Men, but his proposal was declined due to the lack of star actors. In 1990, Variety announced that the film would be financed by Groupe Canal+ and Brown's company World Film Services. Brown received a call from Alan Horn at Castle Rock Entertainment, who was anxious to make the film. Rob Reiner, a producing partner at Castle Rock, opted to direct. Reiner and Sorkin spent eight months writing the screenplay. William Goldman did an uncredited rewrite; Sorkin liked his changes so much that he incorporated them into the stage version. One of the most significant changes was the removal of a forged logbook that served as the trial's "smoking gun" in the play. The film had a production budget of between $33 and 40 million. Tom Cruise was cast as Kaffee on March 22, 1991, and was given a $12.5 million salary. Demi Moore was cast as Galloway. Wolfgang Bodison was a film location scout when he was asked to take part in a screen test for the part of Dawson.Noted in A Few Good Men DVD commentary James Woods auditioned to play Jessep, but Jack Nicholson was cast. Nicholson was paid $5 million for 10 days of shooting, earning $500,000 a day. Nicholson said, "it was one of the few times when it was money well spent." He later criticized Columbia Pictures for moving the film's release date to directly compete with his other film that year, Hoffa. The film starts with a performance of "Semper Fidelis" by a U.S. Marine Corps marching band. A Silent Drill was performed by the Texas A&M; University Corps of Cadets Fish Drill Team (portraying the United States Marine Corps Silent Drill Platoon). Commentators have suggested several former Navy JAG lawyers who might have been the model for Kaffee. These include Don Marcari, now an attorney in Virginia; former U.S. Attorney David Iglesias; Chris Johnson, now practicing in California; and Walter Bansley III, now practicing in Connecticut. But Sorkin has said, "The character of Dan Kaffee in A Few Good Men is entirely fictional and was not inspired by any particular individual." Cruise said that he modeled his performance on Church of Scientology chairman David Miscavige, with whom he is friends. Cruise insisted on using the church's Clearsound sound reproduction technology, which he claimed captured his voice better. Filming began on October 21, 1991, at the Arlington Memorial Bridge in Washington D.C. The film's Guantanamo Bay scenes were filmed in Southern California at Crystal Cove State Park, Fort MacArthur, and Naval Air Station Point Mugu. Although 200 off-duty Marines were allowed to serve as extras for the film, the U.S. Department of Defense denied the production permission to film at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. The courtroom scenes were filmed at Culver Studios in Culver City, California. ==Reception== ===Box office=== A Few Good Men premiered at the Odeon Cinema, Manchester, England, and opened on December 11, 1992, in 1,925 theaters. It grossed $15,517,468 in its opening weekend and was the top film at the box office for the next three weeks. Overall, it grossed $141,340,178 in the U.S. and $101,900,000 internationally for a total of $243,240,178. ===Critical response=== On Rotten Tomatoes, A Few Good Men has an approval rating of 84% based on 67 reviews, with an average rating of 7.10/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "An old-fashioned courtroom drama with a contemporary edge, A Few Good Men succeeds on the strength of its stars, with Tom Cruise, Demi Moore, and especially Jack Nicholson delivering powerful performances that more than compensate for the predictable plot." On Metacritic, the film has a score of 62 out of 100, based on 21 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A+" on an A+ to F scale, one of fewer than 60 films in the history of the service to earn that grade. Peter Travers of Rolling Stone said, "That the performances are uniformly outstanding is a tribute to Rob Reiner (Misery), who directs with masterly assurance, fusing suspense and character to create a movie that literally vibrates with energy." Richard Schickel in Time called it "an extraordinarily well-made movie, which wastes no words or images in telling a conventional but compelling story." Todd McCarthy in Variety magazine predicted, "The same histrionic fireworks that gripped theater audiences will prove even more compelling to filmgoers due to the star power and dramatic screw-tightening." Roger Ebert was less enthusiastic in the Chicago Sun-Times, giving it two-and- a-half out of four stars and finding its major flaw was revealing the courtroom strategy to the audience before the climactic scene between Cruise and Nicholson. Ebert wrote, "In many ways this is a good film, with the potential to be even better than that. The flaws are mostly at the screenplay level; the film doesn't make us work, doesn't allow us to figure out things for ourselves, is afraid we'll miss things if they're not spelled out." Widescreenings noted that for Kaffee, "Sorkin interestingly takes the opposite approach of Top Gun", in which Cruise also played the protagonist. In Top Gun, Cruise plays Pete "Maverick" Mitchell, a "hotshot military underachiever who makes mistakes because he is trying to outperform his late father. Where Maverick needs to rein in the discipline, Daniel Kaffee needs to let it go, finally see what he can do." Sorkin and Reiner were praised in gradually unveiling Kaffee's potential in the film. ==Awards and honors== Award Category Nominee(s) Result 20/20 Awards Best Supporting Actor Jack Nicholson Academy Awards Best Picture David Brown, Rob Reiner and Andrew Scheinman Best Supporting Actor Jack Nicholson Best Film Editing Robert Leighton Best Sound Mixing Kevin O'Connell, Rick Kline and Robert Eber American Cinema Editors Awards Best Edited Feature Film Robert Leighton American Society of Cinematographers Awards Outstanding Achievement in Cinematography in Theatrical Releases Robert Richardson ASCAP Film and Television Music Awards Top Box Office Films Marc Shaiman Awards Circuit Community Awards Best Motion Picture David Brown, Rob Reiner and Andrew Scheinman Best Director Rob Reiner Best Actor in a Supporting Role Jack Nicholson Best Adapted Screenplay Aaron Sorkin Best Film Editing Robert Leighton Best Original Score Marc Shaiman Best Cast Ensemble Chicago Film Critics Association Awards Best Supporting Actor Jack Nicholson Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Awards Best Film Directors Guild of America Awards Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Motion Pictures Rob Reiner Edgar Allan Poe Awards Best Motion Picture Aaron Sorkin Golden Globe Awards Best Motion Picture – Drama Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama Tom Cruise Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture Jack Nicholson Best Director – Motion Picture Rob Reiner Best Screenplay – Motion Picture Aaron Sorkin Heartland Film Festival Truly Moving Picture Rob Reiner MTV Movie Awards Best Movie Best Male Performance Tom Cruise Jack Nicholson Best Female Performance Demi Moore Most Desirable Male Tom Cruise Best Villain Jack Nicholson NAACP Image Awards Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture Wolfgang Bodison National Board of Review Awards Top Ten Films Best Supporting Actor Jack Nicholson New York Film Critics Circle Awards Best Supporting Actor People's Choice Awards Favorite Motion Picture Favorite Dramatic Motion Picture Producers Guild of America Awards Outstanding Producer of Theatrical Motion Pictures David Brown, Rob Reiner and Andrew Scheinman Southeastern Film Critics Association Awards Best Picture Best Supporting Actor Jack Nicholson ===Other honors=== The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists: * 2003: AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes & Villains: ** Colonel Nathan R. Jessep – Nominated Villain * 2005: AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes: ** Col. Nathan Jessep: "You can't handle the truth!" – #29 * 2008: AFI's 10 Top 10: ** #5 Courtroom Drama Film ==Home media== A Few Good Men was released on VHS and Laserdisc by Columbia TriStar Home Video on June 30, 1993, and released on DVD on October 7, 1997. The VHS was again released along with a DVD release on May 29, 2001, and later a Blu-Ray release followed on September 8, 2007. The Double Feature of the film and Jerry Maguire was released on DVD on December 29, 2009, by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment. A 4K UHD Blu-Ray release occurred on April 24, 2018. ==See also== * Trial movies ==References== ==External links== * * * * * * * Category:1992 films Category:1992 drama films Category:1992 crime drama films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s legal drama films Category:American courtroom films Category:American crime drama films Category:American films based on plays Category:American legal drama films Category:Castle Rock Entertainment films Category:Columbia Pictures films Category:Films about lawyers Category:Films about the United States Marine Corps Category:Films about the United States Navy Category:Films directed by Rob Reiner Category:Films produced by David Brown Category:Films scored by Marc Shaiman Category:Films set in Cuba Category:Films set in Washington, D.C. Category:Films shot in Los Angeles County, California Category:Films shot in Ventura County, California Category:Films shot in Washington, D.C. Category:Films with screenplays by Aaron Sorkin Category:Guantanamo Bay Naval Base Category:Legal thriller films Category:Military courtroom films Category:1990s American films
20768941	A Collection (Josh Groban album)	A Collection is the first greatest hits album of American pop-classical singer Josh Groban. It was released in late 2008 internationally. The compilation takes tracks from his first three studio albums, Josh Groban (2001), Closer (2003), Awake (2006), as well as Groban's version of the Chess song "Anthem", from the 2009 Chess in Concert release. It contains one new song, a live version of "Weeping" (originally recorded for Awake) featuring South African singer Vusi Mahlasela and the Soweto Gospel Choir. It also features "Smile", previously only available via the Internet edition of Awake. The album also comes with a second disc of five selections from Groban's 2007 holiday album Noël as well as a Spanish version of "Silent Night" (Noche de Paz). ==Track listing== ===Disc 1=== ===Disc 2=== ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2008) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2008) Position Dutch Albums (Album Top 100) 74 Swedish Albums (Sverigetopplistan) 50 UK Albums (OCC) 112 ==Certifications and sales== ==References== ==External links== * Category:2008 greatest hits albums Category:Josh Groban albums Category:Albums produced by David Foster Category:143 Records compilation albums
20929788	A Good Opportunity	"A Good Opportunity" is the first episode of the second season of the HBO comedy series Flight of the Conchords. This episode first aired in the United States and Canada on January 18, 2009. It was released online to US residents at Funny or Die on December 17, 2008.Series Two pilot episode (Funny or Die) ==Plot synopsis== Bret and Jemaine are at Murray's fancy new office discussing band matters. Murray tells the guys to return the seat cushion they stole from the library and mistakenly refers to Crazy Dogggz business, such as their gold records and collaboration with R. Kelly. The meeting ends as Bret and Jemaine fire Murray for failing to attend to his management duties. Murray sings "Rejected." At a gig with a larger than usual crowd, two advertising agency executives offer Bret and Jemaine the opportunity to write a jingle for a commercial for a brand of toothpaste to be marketed solely to women. They agree, and work on ideas, asking Dave for his advice on what women like and how to negotiate with the advertising executives. Murray, meanwhile, finds himself unhappy that Bret and Jemaine are finding more success without him, and discovers the Crazy Dogggz have plagiarized "Doggy Bounce" from a Polish band, to the point where there are protests and public burnings in the street. (Led by Mel) A lawsuit results in a now-penniless Murray having to live in his car. The guys bungle Dave's negotiating strategy, but end up appearing in the commercial. When the executives ask for Bret and Jemaine's work permits to process their fees, Bret and Jemaine find themselves in a quandary, because they are illegal immigrants. They call Murray to ask him for their passports, which Murray says are in the consulate. Murray is reluctant to return to the place because he resigned with an incendiary letter, but he braces himself and finds that no one had noticed his quitting several months before and the letter is still on his desk, unread. He embraces his old desk in relief. Back at the commercial set, Murray arrives to help Bret and Jemaine, but only after they agree to rehire him as band manager. He tells the guys that their passports have not been processed, and suggests they make a run for it. Diving into Murray's car, they drive off as Murray comments that someone above must be looking out for them and the episode closes with "Angels". ==Songs== The following songs were featured in this episode: ==="Rejected"=== Murray sings "Rejected" after Bret and Jemaine fire him as their manager. He describes his feelings at first in a delicate and poignant manner, but soon the song turns to an operatic style with Murray singing as a tenor (voice of Andrew Drost). He describes his feelings with increasing drama, such as "dejected, like a clown without a show" and "cut into two, or bisected". The song is briefly interrupted by Glenn (Andrew Secunda), who is told by Murray to wait a moment, before finishing the song, singing the final lyric in the manner in which the song began. ==="Femident Toothpaste"=== This is the boys' jingle for the Femident toothpaste commercial. In the ad, Bret and Jemaine are dressed as toothpaste being squeezed out of Femident toothpaste tubes. The song also incorporated some of the lyrics from "Nearly a Woman" from the "Pop Song" episode of the Flight of the Conchords radio series. ==="Angels"=== The episode ends with this song, after Murray announces he believes angels must be looking over them. The song is dedicated to the proposition that angels exist, live in the clouds above the earth, and primarily concern themselves with sex. ==References== Category:2009 American television episodes Category:Flight of the Conchords episodes Category:Television episodes directed by James Bobin Category:Television episodes written by James Bobin Category:Television episodes written by Jemaine Clement
20945365	A Fifth of Funk	A Fifth of Funk is the fifth and final installment of the George Clinton Family Series collection by Parliament-Funkadelic collective members. The album was released in Japan in 1993 by P-Vine Records, and later in the same year by AEM Records in the United States and Sequel Records in the United Kingdom. The compilation's producer and P-Funk leader George Clinton gives his final thoughts about the tracks on the album, as well as his feelings on the entire Family Series project, for A Fifth of Funks final track. The title is a play on words of Beethoven's Symphony No. 5, as well as Walter Murphy's 1976 disco hit "A Fifth of Beethoven". ==Track listing== Song credits for A Fifth of Funk adapted from album liner notes.Track listing and credits as per liner notes for A Fifth of Funk album # "Flatman and Bobin" #* Artist: Parliament (1978) Producer: George Clinton #* Drums: Tyrone Lampkin #* Bass: Bootsy Collins #* Keyboards: Bernie Worrell #* Guitars: Garry Shider #* Horns: Horny Horns # "Count Funkula (I Didn't Know That Funk Was Loaded)" #* Artist: Lonnie Greene (1980) Producers: Ron Dunbar, Lonnie Greene #* Drums: Lonnie Greene #* Bass: Donnie Sterling #* Guitars: Tony Thomas # "Thumparella (Oh Kay)" #* Artist: Ron Ford (1981) Producer: Ron Ford # "Eyes of a Dreamer" #* Artist: Jessica Cleaves (1981) Producer: Ron Dunbar # "I Found You" #* Artist: Phillippe Wynne (1981) Producer: Phillippe Wynne, Ron Dunbar #* Background Vocals: Brandie (Telma Hopkins, Joyce Vincent) # "Ice Melting in Your Heart" #* Artist: Brides of Funkenstein (1977) Producer: Ron Dunbar #* Drums: Tyrone Lampkin #* Bass: Junie Morrison #* Guitars: Junie Morrison, Garry Shider #* Keyboards: Bernie Worrell # "Clone Ranger" #* Artist: Trey Lewd's Flastic Brain Flam (1978) #* Producers: Gary Shider, George Clinton #* Drums: Tony Davis #* Bass: Stevie Pannall #* Guitars: Garry Shider, DeWayne McKnight #* Background Vocals: Brides, Parlet # "Who Do You Love" #*Artist: Bernie Worrell (1978) Producers: Bernie Worrell, George Clinton #* Drums: Tyrone Lampkin #* Bass: Rodney 'Skeets' Curtis #* Percussion: Larry Fratangelo #* Keyboards: Bernie Worrell #* Guitars: Gary Shider #"Up Up Up and Away" #*Artist: Brides of Funkenstein (1979) Producer: Ron Dunbar #* Drums: Jerry Jones #* Bass: Rodnick Chandler #* Guitars: Eddie Willis #* Keyboards: Rudi Robinson, Bernie Worrell # "Can't Get Over Losing You" #* Artist: Junie Morrison (1978) Producer: Junie Morrison #* All instruments by Junie Morrison # "Rat Kissed the Cat" #* Artist: George Clinton and Brides of Funkenstein (1977) Producer: George Clinton #* Drums: Tiki Fullwood #* Bass: Billy Bass #* Guitars: Gary Cooper, Garry Shider #* Keyboards: Bernie Worrell #* Horns: Horny Horns # "Too Tight for Light" #* Artist: Funkadelic (1979) Producer: George Clinton, Junie Morrison # "Every Little Bit Hurts" #* Artist: George Clinton, Diane Brooks, & Funkadelic (1972) #* Producer: George Clinton # "Interview - Final Thoughts" #* George Clinton ==Notes== ==References== * ==External links== * A Fifth of Funk at Discogs Category:George Clinton (funk musician) albums Category:1993 albums Category:P-Vine Records albums
20977833	A Child Is Born (radio play)	A Child Is Born is a poetic Christmas drama in one act by Stephen Vincent Benét. It was first presented on radio on December 21, 1942, as part of the anthology program Cavalcade of America, the production starred the famous husband-and-wife team of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne. Later, it began to be presented on television, in productions which starred such actors as Gene Lockhart and Fay Bainter. Largely written in rhyming verse, the play relates the story of the birth of Christ through the eyes of an innkeeper and his wife. The drama was presented on television many times during the Golden Age of Television, on such anthologies as Actors Studio, Lux Video Theatre, General Electric Theater, and Kraft Television Theatre, but has not been seen on American television since 1956. ==References== Category:1940s American radio programs Category:Christmas fiction Category:NBC radio programs
21090146	A Gigster's Life for Me	A Gigster's Life for Me is the second album recorded by Alan Price and The Electric Blues Company, following Covers (1994). It was recorded between July and August 1995 at Olympic Studios London and released as part of Sanctuary Records' Blues Masters Series in 1996. ==Track listing== #"Boom Boom Boom Boom" (John Lee Hooker) – 4:47 #"Rockin' Pneumonia and the Boogie Woogie Flu" (Huey "Piano" Smith, John Vincent) – 3:32 #"Rollin' Like a Pebble in the Sand" (Rudy Toombs) – 3:10 #"I Put a Spell on You" (Screamin' Jay Hawkins) – 3:02 #"Good Times/Bad Woman" (Peter Bardens, Bobby Tench) – 4:03 #"Some Change" (Boz Scaggs) – 5:32 #"Enough Is Enough" (Zoot Money) – 3:05 #"Whatcha Gonna Do?" (Peter Green} – 4:44 #"A Gigster's Life for Me" (Alan Price, Tench) – 4:37 #"(I Got) Business With the Blues" (Mitchell, Money) – 4:08 #"How You've Changed" (Price) – 5:16 #"Old Love" (Eric Clapton, Robert Cray) – 7:16 #"What Am I Living For?" (Art Harris, Fred Jay) – 5:19 #"Say It Isn't True" (Jackson Browne) – 11:05 ==Personnel== === Alan Price and The Electric Blues Company=== * Alan Price – keyboards, vocals * Bobby Tench – lead guitar, vocals * Zoot Money – keyboards, vocals * Pete Grant – bass * Martin Wilde – drums ===Technical=== * Alan Price and The Electric Blues Company – producers * Adam Brown, Lorraine Francis, Pete Lewis, Steve "Barney" Chase – engineers * Mark Warner – assistant engineer ==Re-issues== *Sanctuary 81285 (2003) *Castle 36115 (2005) ==Notes== Category:1996 albums Category:Alan Price albums Category:Albums recorded at Olympic Sound Studios Category:Sanctuary Records albums
21141177	A Key into the Language of America	A Key into the Language of America or An help to the Language of the Natives in that part of America called New England is a book written by Roger Williams in 1643 describing the Native American languages in New England in the 17th century, largely Narragansett, an Algonquian language. Reprint of a book first published in 1643. The book is the first published colonial study of a Native American language in English. ==History== Author Roger Williams was a Puritan who was banished from Massachusetts Bay Colony and founded Providence Plantations which grew into the Colony of Rhode Island. He believed that the king had no right to grant title to Indian land without paying for it. He interacted extensively with the Narragansett and Wampanoag tribes as a missionary, friend, and trader. He extolled some elements of Indian culture as superior to European culture, and he wrote a complementary poem at the end of each chapter within the book. According to J. Patrick Cesarini, Williams also published the book to rebut Massachusetts' distorted claims in New England's First Fruits (1643) about the first Indian conversions to Christianity (particularly that of Wequash Cooke, a Pequot in Connecticut Colony) and to thereby halt Massachusetts Bay's claims to Rhode Island's territory."The Ambivalent Uses of Roger Williams's 'A Key into the Language of America'" by J. Patrick Cesarini, Early American Literature Vol. 38, No. 3, (© 2003 University of North Carolina Press), pp. 469-494 (accessed July 9, 2009 on JSTOR) Williams' friend Gregory Dexter printed the book in London, England, and the publication brought Williams much public attention. ==Notable words== The book helped to popularize and introduce numerous American Indian loan words into the English lexicon, including: *Moccasin *Moose *PapooseScience, Volume 18, American Association for the Advancement of Science, Nov. 6, 1891, (Moses King, 1891) pg. 261 books.google.com *Powwow *Quahog *Squash (askutasquash) *SquawJohn Pickering, A vocabulary or collection of words and phrases which have been supposed to be peculiar to the United States of America, "Squaw" (Pub. by Cummings and Hilliard, No. 1 Cornhill, 1816) pg. 180 books.google.com *SuccotashAllan A. Metcalf, The world in so many words: a country-by-country tour of words that have shaped our language (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1999) ==See also== *The Bloudy Tenent of Persecution for Cause of Conscience ==References== ==External links== * A key into the language of America by Roger Williams (Providence, 1936) * "Narragansett Grammar" *A Key into the Language of America – digitization of a first edition copy held at the John Carter Brown Library Category:1643 books Category:History books about the United States Category:Linguistics books Category:Rhode Island culture Category:Eastern Algonquian languages Category:Indigenous languages of the North American eastern woodlands
21149183	A Last Note	is a 1995 Japanese comedy-drama film directed by Kaneto Shindo. It was the last film of actresses Haruko Sugimura and Nobuko Otowa. ==Plot== Yoko Morimoto, an aged but still active widowed actress, takes a rest from rehearsals and the hot temperature in Tokyo in her rural summer residence. Toyoko Yanagawa, her housemaid of many years, tells her that the 83-year-old gardener committed suicide, leaving behind a note which simply said, "it's over". On his self-made coffin, he had placed a heavy stone from the nearby riverbed, to be used for nailing the coffin's lid. Later, Yoko receives a phone call by Mr. Fujihachiro Ushiguni, who is on a trip with his wife Tomie, an old friend and former theatre troupe colleague of Yoko. Yoko invites them into her house. Tomie is senile and has memory lapses and difficulties to recognise others, but with Yoko's help, she can still recite passages from Chekhov's plays The Seagull and Three Sisters, which they used to perform many years ago. The next day, an armed man breaks into the house and demands food from the women at gunpoint. Tomie tries to grab his weapon, and moments later, he is arrested by the police. The intruder turns out to be a mentally ill criminal who had attacked residents of an old people's home, driven mad by their incessant playing croquet. Tomie receives a reward for helping to capture the escapee, but when she, her husband, Yoko and Toyoko go out to have lunch in an exclusive restaurant, they are disappointed to find that the envelope she was handed out contains only 10,000 yen rather than the 300,000 yen they had hoped for. The Ushigunis leave the summer house to continue their journey. After their departure, Toyoko confesses to Yoko that she had an affair with Yoko's husband Saburo while she was on tour 22 years ago, and that Saburo is the father of Toyoko's daughter Akemi. Yoko is indignant at first, and Toyoko leaves the house, but eventually the women settle their dispute. Later, they attend the traditional "tentative marriage" ceremony of Akemi and her future husband Daigoro, a common local man, and watch various stylized costumed dances of sexual rituals. The next morning, newspaper journalist Naoko visits Yoko's house, telling her that Tomie and her husband committed shinjū in the ocean near Naoetsu, Niigata. Yoko realises that the couple had been on their last journey and that their visit was Tomie's means of saying goodbye. Together with the journalist, Yoko and Toyoko retrace their final steps. Back in her residence, Yoko packs her suitcase to return to Tokyo, instructing Toyoko to keep the gardener's stone for Yoko's coffin in case she should die. After Yoko has left, Toyoko takes the stone to the river and throws it into the water. ==Cast== * Haruko Sugimura as Yoko Morimoto * Nobuko Otowa as Toyoko Yanagawa * Hideo Kanze as Fujihachiro Ushiguni * Kyoko Asagiri as Tomie Ushiguni * Toshiyuki Nagashima as Police Officer * Mitsuko Baisho as Naoko Yazawa * Yutaka Matsushige as Daigoro * Tomomi Seo as Akemi * Katsumi Kiba as Intruder * Kōichi Ueda as Chief of Police * Masahiko Tsugawa as Saburo Morimoto * Masaaki Uchino as Koji Kiyokawa ==Production== The house in the mountains was director Shindō's actual mountain retreat, and is the same building as the old man's house in Tree Without Leaves. Shindō's wife Nobuko Otowa was diagnosed with terminal cancer during the production and died in December 1994, prior to the film's release. ==Awards== * 1995 Hochi Film Award for Best Film * 1996 Japan Academy Film Prize for Best Film, Best Director, Best Screenplay and Best Supporting Actress (Nobuko Otowa) * 1996 Blue Ribbon Award for Best Film * 1996 Kinema Junpo Awards for Best Film, Best Director, Best Actress (Haruko Sugimura) and Best Supporting Actress (Nobuko Otowa) * 1996 Mainichi Film Concours for Best Film, Best Director and Best Actress (Haruko Sugimura) A Last Note was also shown in competition at the 19th Moscow International Film Festival. ==References== ==External links== * * * * * Category:1995 films Category:1995 comedy-drama films Category:Japanese comedy- drama films Category:Films directed by Kaneto Shindo Category:Picture of the Year Japan Academy Prize winners Category:Best Film Kinema Junpo Award winners Category:1990s Japanese films
21386684	A Flood in Baath Country	A Flood in Baath Country () is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay. The film was ranked #45 on the Dubai International Film Festival's 2013 list of the top 100 Arab films. ==References== ==External links== * Grand Prix du long métrage documentaire - Festival du film arabe à Institut du Monde Arabe, Paris. * *Free Syrian Translators: Flood in Baath Land (with English subtitles) Category:2000s Arabic-language films Category:2003 films Category:Syrian documentary films Category:Films directed by Omar Amiralay Category:2003 documentary films Category:Documentary films about politics Category:Documentary films about Syria
2155481	A Crack in the Floor	A Crack in the Floor (2001) is a horror film directed by Sean Stanek and Corbin Timbrook. ==Plot== For the past 33 years Jeremiah Hill (Roger Hewlett) has lived alone, with no contact with the outside world, and he intends to keep it that way. Jeremiah's mother (Tracy Scoggins) had always warned him not to associate with the outside world, and her brutal rape and killing right before his eyes taught him a lesson he intends never to forget; and those who enter his world will pay a deadly price. As Lehman (Mario Lopez) and his five friends from Los Angeles start their weekend camping trip they run into Tyler Trout (Gary Busey) and Floyd Fryed (Rance Howard) who represent the gateway into this distorted world that they are about to enter. These things just don't happen in the small mountain town of Sheriff Talmidge (Bo Hopkins) and Deputy Kevin Gordon (Stephen Saux). By stumbling upon this lonely cabin in the woods, the men have shattered 33 years of solitude in Jeremiah's world. Soon their weekend trip of hiking and camping will become a nightmare of survival. ==Cast== * Mario Lopez as Lehman * Gary Busey as Tyler Trout * Bo Hopkins as Sheriff Talmidge * Rance Howard as Floyd Fryed * Tracy Scoggins as Jeremiah's Mother * Justine Priestley as Kate * Daisy McCrackin as Heidi * Bentley Mitchum as Johnny * Jason Oliver as Billy * Francesca Orsi as Sunny * Stephen Saux as Kevin Gordon * Roger Hewlett as Jeremiah **Kyle Patrick Feuer as Young Jeremiah * Frank Collison as Turner * Bill Erwin as Harold * Jacquie Barnbrook as Maggie * Robert Ambrose as Russell * Con Schell as Brad Mitchell * Madeleine Lindley as Jesse * David Naughton as The Empty Man ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2001 films Category:2001 horror films Category:American horror films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
2166202	A Latin Dictionary	{{Infobox book | name = A Latin Dictionary Founded on Andrews' Edition of Freund's Latin Dictionary | image = A Latin Dictionary.jpg | caption = Cover of the 2020 edition | alt = Cover of "A Latin Dictionary", featuring a bust of Cicero. | author = | title_orig = Harpers' Latin Dictionary: A New Latin Dictionary Founded on the Translation of Freund's Latin-German Lexicon Edited by E. A. Andrews | orig_lang_code = | title_working = | translator = | illustrator = | cover_artist = | country = United Kingdom | language = English | series = | subject = | genre = | published = 1879 | media_type = Print (paperback) | pages = 1192 | awards = | isbn = 978-1-99-985578-9 | dewey = | congress = | preceded_by = | followed_by = | wikisource = A Latin Dictionary }} A Latin Dictionary (or Harpers' Latin Dictionary, often referred to as Lewis and Short or L&S;, occasionally Levis & Brevis) is a popular English- language lexicographical work of the Latin language, published by Harper and Brothers of New York in 1879 and printed simultaneously in the United Kingdom by Oxford University Press. ==History== The work is usually referred to as Lewis and Short after the names of its editors, Charlton T. Lewis and Charles Short. It was derived from the 1850 English translation by Ethan Allen Andrews of an earlier Latin-German dictionary, Wörterbuch der Lateinischen Sprache, by the German philologist Wilhelm Freund, in turn based on I.J.G. Scheller’s Latin–German dictionary of 1783. The Andrews translation was partially revised by Freund himself, then by Henry Drisler, and was finally edited by Short and Lewis.See the advertisement of the book itself, available on WikiSource. The division of labour between the two editors was remarkably unequal. Short, a very thorough but slow worker, produced material for the letters A through C, but B and C were lost by Harpers, meaning that his work now appears only in the letter A (216 pages), while Lewis, who worked in the time he could spare from his law practice, was solely responsible for the entries beginning with the letters B through Z (1803 pages). In 1890 Lewis published a heavily abridged version of the dictionary, entitled An Elementary Latin Dictionary, for the use of students. Sometimes called the Elementary Lewis, it is still in print today. The adoption of the book by Oxford University Press was the result of the failure of its own project to create a new Latin-English dictionary in 1875. Henry Nettleship and John Mayor had been commissioned to produce a new Latin dictionary based on a fresh reading of the sources, but after Mayor withdrew from the project, Nettleship was unable to complete it on his own; he eventually published his research as notes on Lewis and Short. While the Press had earlier published John Riddle's 1835 translation of Scheller's Latin–German dictionary, this was a much more expensive book. The Press thus adopted Harpers' Latin Dictionary as a stopgap measure, paying Harper and Brothers 10 per cent royalties. Harper and Brothers sold its rights to the American Book Company in 1899, shortly before its bankruptcy. From the time of its publication, many scholars have criticized the dictionary for its errors and inconsistencies.For example: * * * * * * * * * * * * Because of various circumstances, however, no replacement was attempted until 1933, with the Oxford Latin Dictionary, which was completed in 1983. In 2020, Lewis & Short was reprinted under a new publisher. The dictionary's full text (year 1879) is available on-line at numerous websites. ==Comparison with other dictionaries== Among classicists, Lewis and Short has been largely superseded by the Oxford Latin Dictionary, called the OLD for short. Lewis and Short incorporated material from existing Latin dictionaries; the OLD, by contrast, started from scratch, following procedures similar to those of the well- regarded Oxford English Dictionary. Thanks to the increased availability of modern editions, the OLD editors had access to a larger variety of classical works. It was decided in the OLD's planning that the OLD would not encompass Latin written later than AD 200, excepting a small few exceptions. Although classicists still consult Lewis and Short, they tend to prefer the OLD. Lewis and Short retains value for its refined sense of the nuances of English diction as it interfaces with Latin diction (in contrast with OLD's preference for plainer diction) and also for the sensitivity of its quotations from classical texts, reflecting this. Lewis and Short's primary focus is on classical Latin, not medieval Latin. Nevertheless, Lewis & Short is consulted by medievalists, renaissance specialists, and early modernists, as it includes some Late and Medieval Latin, if somewhat inconsistently, and classical Latin usages are very relevant in medieval Latin. The Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources supplements Lewis & Short for medieval Latin vocabulary. Another dictionary focused on medieval Latin is J. F. Niermeyer's Mediae Latinitatis Lexicon Minus, first published in 1976, with an enhanced second edition in year 2002, about 1500 pages. The medieval Latin dictionary Glossarium ad scriptores mediae et infimae latinitatis by Du Cange was originally published in 3 volumes in 1678, it was expanded to 10 volumes during the 18th and 19th centuries, and it is probably still the most frequently used dictionary for medieval Latin vocabulary. On occasion people confuse Lewis and Short (or L&S;) with Liddell and Scott, its Greek counterpart, entitled A Greek–English Lexicon. The 1925 and later editions of Liddell and Scott are commonly referred to by the abbreviation LSJ after the names of its editors Liddell, Scott and the editor of the 1925 revision, Jones. ==See also== *Oxford Latin Dictionary *Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources *William Whitaker's Words ==References== ==External links== *Browse text at Perseus *Perseus Word Study Tool, including Lewis and Short and Lewis's Elementary Latin Dictionary *Logeion, combining Lewis and Short with other Latin and Greek dictionaries, with an offline version for iOS *Translatum LSJ, combining Lewis and Short with other Latin and Greek dictionaries in a hyperlinked wiki environment. *Latin Dictionary, Lewis and Short and Whittaker's Words for iOS *Glossa, Lewis and Short for the web and desktop (based on Adobe AIR) *Verba, Lewis and Short for Mac OS X *Diogenes, ancient text browsing application including Lewis and Short *Lewis & Short's Latin–English Dictionary for Windows with color-coded definitions and quotations *Catalogue page from Oxford University Press *Archli Dictionaries., Free online dictionaries including Lewis & Short, Dictionary of Greek and Roman Geography e.t.c. Category:1879 non-fiction books Category:Oxford dictionaries Category:Latin dictionaries Category:19th-century Latin books
21691223	A Bomb Was Stolen	A Bomb Was Stolen () is a 1962 Romanian dialogue-free spy film directed by Ion Popescu-Gopo. It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival. ==Plot== The film begins with a nuclear bomb test. One of the bombs is stolen by gangsters, who hide the bomb in a bag. Inept police pursue the gangsters, and the bag containing the bomb is lost, and recovered by a passerby who does not know what's in the bag. The passerby goes about his day with the bag, pursued by the gangsters who are in turn pursued by the police. ==Reception== The international press praised this film. In the English press, A Bomb Was Stolen received the label “an exuberant comedy” (Eric Shorter, Daily Telegraph, 25 August 1962), "a subtle and frequently hilarious satire" (Satiră din România, Edinburgh Evening News, 30 August 1962), "a satirical fantasy" (Bomba, Daily Worker, 3 September 1962). The Soviet journalist I. Surkova, writing for Sovetskaya Kulture, considered the film “full of witty jokes.”I. Surkova - „Drumul spre gen (Note despre comedia cinematografică românească)”, în Sovețkaia Kulture, nr. 1443, 1962. ==Cast== * Eugenia Balaure * Haralambie Boroș * Horia Căciulescu * Puiu Călinescu * Iurie Darie * Cella Dima * Florin Piersic * Tudorel Popa * Geo Saizescu * Ovid Teodorescu * Liliana Tomescu * Jean Dănescu * Ștefan Niculescu-Cadet * Lak Popescu * Draga Olteanu-Matei (as Draga Olteanu) * Ion Bondor * Ion Atanasiu Atlas * Emil Botta as Somerhot (as Emil Bota) * Nelly Sterian * Dumitru Hitru * Nicolae Motoc ==Awards== In May 1962, the film participated at the International Film Festival in Cannes, being nominated for the official Palme d'Or Award.Arhivele Festivalului Internațional de Film de la CannesIleana Dima - rare la Les Films de Cannes à Bucarest”, în "Evenimentul Zilei", 30 septembrie 2012. * It got several awards: * Merit Diploma at the New Europe Film Festival in Edinburgh (1962)Călin Căliman - „Istoria filmului românesc (1897-2000)” (Ed. Fundației Culturale Române, București, 2000), p. 167. * Third Prize at the International Film Festival in Thessaloniki (September 1962) * The Special Prize of the Jury “Silver Olive” at the International Festival of the Comic and Humorous Comedy, Palazzo del Parco, Bordighera (1963) * Honorary diploma at the Vienna Film Festival ==References== ==External links== * Category:1961 films Category:1961 comedy films Category:1960s science fiction films Category:1960s Romanian- language films Category:Films without speech Category:Romanian black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Ion Popescu-Gopo Category:Cold War spy films Category:Films shot in Romania Category:Romanian fantasy films Category:Romanian comedy films Category:Romanian science fiction films
21703001	A Foot in the Grave	A Foot in the Grave is a 1987 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall. ==Plot summary== When John Smith's garrulous South American wife was found dead in Buenos Aires, he is accused by the Argentine police not only of her murder, but also of tax evasion, links with the British Intelligence Service and of conspiring to overthrow the Argentine dictatorship.Marshall, B: A Foot in the Grave F. A. Thorpe (Publishing) Ltd. 1987. ==References== Category:Novels by Bruce Marshall Category:1987 British novels Category:Novels set in Buenos Aires Category:Robert Hale books
21789335	A Kind of Magic (TV series)	A Kind of Magic (known as Magic – La Famille Féerique in France) is a French animated television series created by Michel Coulon and Marc du Pontavice, the creators of Oggy and the Cockroaches based upon Arthur de Pins's original design. It was produced by French animation company Xilam Animation with the participation of France 3 and Disney Television France in Season 1, Gulli and Canal J for Season 2. The series was directed by Charles Vaucelle for Season 1 and William Renaud for Season 2, the character designerZAGTOON heads for MIP Junior with a raft of blue chip animation programs by David Gilson and the executive producer by Marc Du Pontavice. The series first aired in 2008 on Disney Channel France and France 3. The series was rated the most popular series at the 2007 MIPCOM Junior trade show, attracting over 280 buyers. A second season started airing in 2018. The second series aired on Canal J. It is now a web series on the YouTube channel with the same name. == Synopsis == The story deals with a 10-year-old child named Tom, and his family's problems, including his older sister Cindy (14 years old), who is crazy after every boy she sees, his toad 'His Highness', his evil maternal aunt Ferocia who wants to turn him evil as well, his ditzy fairy mother Willow and his vegetarian ogre father Gregore who have been exiled from Fairyland and now have to live on Earth. == Characters == *Tom (voiced by Sauvane Delanoë) is the main protagonist and Cindy's 10-year-old younger brother. Clever, spontaneous and mischievous, Tom has the presence of mind of a boy who has had to take care of himself from very young. Thanks to his limitless imagination and instinctive quick reflexes, he is able to convince anyone of anything. This skill is very useful to his absent-minded family members who are always forgetting they no longer live in a world of magical creatures. *Cindy (voiced by Kelly Marot), is Tom's 14-year-old older sister. Stubborn, rebellious, and very romantic, Cindy knows that a better future awaits her. In Fairyland, she was responsible for cleaning the sewers of the kingdom, but in the Real World, she dreams of grand projects and a more agreeable life. Like all teenagers (adolescents), she worries about being accepted by the other children at school. In general she opposes the use of magic because she considers it distasteful, but she makes use of it when it helps her accomplish what she wants. *Ferocia (voice by Colette 'Coco' Noël) is Tom and Cindy's aunt, Willow's sister, a witch and an anti-hero (also a main villain when she has power). Many words describe Ferocia that her personality has: horrible, cruel, wicked and a pain in the rear, but also neutral. She delights in causing mayhem, even for her own family. She laughed when her brother planned to rob her sister and brother-in- law of all their savings and she enjoyed frightening Tom with the idea of being forgotten if his parents had more children. She adores tormenting Gregore and will take every opportunity to torment him. She also likes to taunt His Highness about his ugliness. Ferocia has a macabre sense of humor and sees horror films as comedies. When she had her powers she was a villain to be feared. *Willow (voiced by Claire Guyot) is Tom and Cindy's mother, Ferocia's sister and Gregore's wife. Willow is optimistic, light-hearted, positive, motherly and carefree. She also has a mischievous side as seen in "Meet The Parent" and "Frames!". She believes that good will always conquer evil. She can be strict when she has to and she can be overprotective shown in the Wishing Powder. Willow is also a strong woman, always honest with her heritage and who she is. While she tried to integrate into the real world, she refused to forget who and what she was. She also stood up by herself, not letting anyone take her for granted and not letting the world disappoint her. Underneath her cheerful, positive and carefree personality, Willow is a very smart woman. However, she is very dashing and innocent. Even as a fairy in the real world and wonderland, she uses her wings and flight. In addition, she uses her magic with her wand to do anything. *Gregore (voiced by François Seiner (Season 1); Jérémy Prévost for season 2) is Tom and Cindy's father and Willow's husband. Despite giving up on becoming a reformed goblin, he is a sweet, kind, gentle and responsible father to Tom and Cindy. In addition, he is a father, always a little clumsy, kind, cheerful, but cowardly and afraid of anything (except dentists). Towards a difficult personality when he dislikes Cindy's antics and mischief along with Ferocié's laughter, calling his name and insulting him except for whatever happens to him, he's often angry, fierce, aggressive, hot-tempered (but short-tempered) and always evil. ==Production== The musical theme is an adaptation of the song A Kind of Magic by the British band Queen. On 3 November 2015, Xilam announced the production of a second season from 2016. This will contain fifty-two thirteen-minute episodes. ==Episodes== Season 1 (Directed by Charles Vaucelle) Number in Series Number of Season English Name France Name Written By Storyboard By 1 1 Memory Gaps Trous de mémoire! Michel Coulon Laurent Jennet 2 2 Meet The Parent Bonjour la famille! Bob Mittenthall Gloria Ketterer Charles Vaucelle 3 3 Trust La confiance règne Steve Sustarsic Vincent Dubost 4 4 Framed! Le vol Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Laurent Jennet 5 5 Big Love Trompeuses apparences Mark Hodkinson Fred Mintoff Sandra Derval 6 6 Uncle Sandman Le marchand de sable Steve Sustarsic Sandra Derval 7 7 The Ventriloquist Le ventriloque Richard Conroy Frederic Mintoff 8 8 Wishing Powder Lessivés! Mark Hodkinson Vincent Dubost 9 9 What Big Teeth You Have Que vous avez de grandes dents Linda O'Sullivan Laurent Jennet 10 10 Ugly, Idle & Nasty Affreux, Fainéants et Méchants! Yves Coulon Vincent Dubost 11 11 When An Ogre Loves A Fairy L'ogre et la fée Mark Hodkinson Frederic Mintoff 12 12 A Dog's Life Une vie de chien Michel Coulon Jean-Luc Abiven 13 13 A Fairytale Wedding Pour le meilleur ou pour le pire? Jean-Marc Lenglen Laurent Jennet 14 14 The Truth, Nothing But The Truth La vérité, rien que la vérité! Michel Coulon Frederic Mintoff 15 15 An Awkward Visit Une visite gênante Yves Coulon Laurent Jennet 16 16 Family Matters Affaires de famille Alain Vallejo Agop Besson 17 17 Peekaboo Tom! Pas vu, pas pris Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Vincent Dubost 18 18 The Wand's Burial L'enterrement de la baguette Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Laurent Jennet 19 19 Lovely Dragon Un amour de dragon Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Ludovic Hell 20 20 Babysitting Baby-sitting Linda O'Sullivan Laurent Jennet 21 21 Whatever You Wish À vos souhaits! Michel Coulon Vincent Dubost 22 22 Daddy Un-Cool Papa pas cool Marteinn Thorisson Ferderic Mintoff 23 23 Deep Freeze Debout là-dedans! Yves Coulon Marc Lenglen Laurent Jennet 24 24 Mosquito Fairy Le moustique Michel Coulon Yves Corriger 25 25 Only Child Fils unique Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Séverine Morin 26 26 Home Sweet Home Conte à rebours Yves Coulon Jean-Marc Lenglen Jean-Louis Champault Season 2 (Directed by William Renaud) Number in Series Number of Season English Name France Name Written By Storyboard By 27 1 Candy Through The Looking Glass De l'autre côté du miroir Fiona Leibgorin Matthieu Pitschon 28 2 Trapped As A Tomboy Un garçon presque manqué Lison d'Andrea Etienne Pinault 29 3 The Future's Tense Futur Imparfait Fiona Leibgorin Alexandre Ulmann 30 4 A Natural Beauty Belle à l'intérieur Jean-Marc Lenglen Olivier Dutranoy 31 5 Going Viral Les stars de l'école Jean-Marc Lenglen Jerome Fardini 32 6 Operation Tamara Opération Tamara Jean-Marc Lenglen Paul Herve 33 7 My Dad The Super Hero Mon père ce super-héros Michel Coulon Alexandre Ulmann 34 8 A Princess For His Highness Une princesse pour mon Monseigneur Alexandre Reverend Renaud Gagnon Etienne Pinault 35 9 The Tables Have Turned La triche Yves Coulon Jerome Fardini 36 10 The Clay Model Pote à modeler Renaud Gagnon Etienne Pinault 37 11 Thicker Than Mud Un air de famille Caroline Torreli Alexandre Ulmann 38 12 The Spellbook Strike Back À chacun sa voix Laure-Elizabeth Bourdaud Elisa Loche Olivier Dutranoy 39 13 The Pixel and the Profile Fée's Bok Fiona Leibgorin Etienne Pinault 40 14 Tom's Tall Tales Tom pousse Arnold Boiseau Jerome Fardini 41 15 Willoween Willoween Renaud Gagnon Stéphane Annette 42 16 Fairy Busy Un travail de fée Michel Coulon (Based on Story By Michel Coulon And Charles Vaucelle) Alexandre Ulmann 43 17 Cinderella's Rebellion Cendrillon se rebelle Michel Coulon Etienne Pinault 44 18 Your Own Medicine Dans la peau d'un crapaud Renaud Gagnon Stephane Annette 45 19 The Ogre Who Wanted To Be Santa Claus L'ogre qui voulait être le père Noël Michel Coulon Alexandre Ulmann 46 20 The Delight of Gründa Les Délices de Gründa Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 47 21 The Prince, The Frog and the Witch Le Prince, la grenouille et la sorcière Michel Coulon Etienne Pinault 48 22 The Hybrid Heartthrob L'Idéal de Cindy Yves Coulon Etienne Pinault 49 23 Professor Ferocia Mademoiselle Férocette Fiona Leibgorin Stephane Annette 50 24 The Nature of the Beast Grégor dans tous ses états Lison d'Andrea Jerome Fardini Alexandre Ulmann 51 25 Ferocia Fiancé Les Fiançailles de Férocia Caroline Torrelli Alexandre Ulmann 52 26 Tom Only Tom sans famille Laure-Elizabeth Bourdaud Johanna Goldschmidt Elisa Loche Alexandre Ulmann 53 27 Cat's Got Your Tongue Une vie de chat Michel Coulon Stéphane Annette 54 28 Jojo The Dodo C'est pas Jojo Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 55 29 The Big Bad Field Trip Promenons-nous dans les bois Elisa Loche Stéphane Annette 56 30 Mrs. Nice Ferocia Férocia super sympa Fiona Leibgorin Alexandre Ulmann 57 31 Strong As An Orge Petit ogre deviendra grand Cyril Deydier Renaud Gagnon Etienne Pinault 58 32 In Your Wildest Dream Même pas en rêve Michel Coulon Alexandre Ulmann 59 33 Master of Delusion Abracadabra Michel Coulon Alexandre Ulmann 60 34 Big Bad Dog Le Grand gentil loup Elisa Loche Pierre Le Gall Etienne Pinault 61 35 A Fish Out of Water Comme un poisson dans l'eau Renaud Gagnon Stéphane Annette 62 36 My Not-Fairy Family Ma famille pas féerique Fiona Leibgorin Alexandre Ulmann 63 37 A Valentine's Pipe Dream Ma sorcière mal-aimée Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 64 38 A Children's Game Un jeu d'enfants Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 65 39 Inseparables Inséparables Lison d'Andrea Stéphane Annette 66 40 The Cruelest of Them All Blanche-Niaise et les sept nains Renaud Gagnon Etienne Pinault 67 41 Beauty and the Beast La belle et la grosse bête Michel Coulon Stéphane Annette 68 42 Prince Not-So-Charming Monseigneur dans toute sa splendeur Fiona Leibgorin Alexandre Ulmann 69 43 Love Give You Wing L'amour donne des ailes Elisa Loche Pierre Le Gall Etienne Pinault 70 44 The Charming Orge L'Ogre charmant Caroline Torrelli Pierre Le Gall Alexandre Ulmann 71 45 Can't Scare Me Même pas peur Renaud Gagnon Stephane Annette 72 46 Mirror, Mirror, Off The Wall Miroir, mon beau miroir Michel Coulon Alexandre Ulmann 73 47 An Almost Perfect Day Une journée presque parfaite Renaud Gagnon Alexandre Ulmann 74 48 Right Under Your Nose Au nez et à la barbe Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 75 49 The Broken Wands Maman, on a cassé la baguette! Lison d'Andrea Alexandre Ulmann 76 50 My New Best Friend Ma nouvelle meilleure amie Elisa Loche Pierre Le Gall Stephane Annette 77 51 Princess Melba Three Princesse Melba III Renaud Gagnon Romain Cislo 78 52 In My Shoe Vis ma vie Pierre Le Gall Alexandre Ulmann ==References== Category:2000s French animated television series Category:2006 French television series debuts Category:Animated television series about children Category:Animated television series about families Category:Disney animated television series Category:French children's animated fantasy television series Category:French flash animated television series Category:Xilam
21910218	A Civil Action	A Civil Action is a 1995 non-fiction book by Jonathan Harr about a water contamination case in Woburn, Massachusetts, in the 1980s. The book became a best-seller. It won the National Book Critics Circle Award for nonfiction. The case is Anderson v. Cryovac. The first reported decision in the case is at 96 F.R.D. 431 (denial of defendants' motion to dismiss). A 1998 film of the same name, starring John Travolta as plaintiff's lawyer Jan Schlichtmann and Robert Duvall as Beatrice Foods attorney Jerome Facher, was based on the book. == Plot summary == After finding that her child is diagnosed with leukemia, Anne Anderson notices a high prevalence of leukemia, a relatively rare disease, in her city. Eventually she gathers other families and seeks a lawyer, Jan Schlichtmann, to consider their options. Schlichtmann originally decides not to take the case due to both the lack of evidence and a clear defendant. Later picking up the case, Schlichtmann finds evidence suggesting trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination of the town's water supply by Riley Tannery, a subsidiary of Beatrice Foods; a chemical company, W. R. Grace; and another company named Unifirst. In the course of the lawsuit Schlichtmann gets other attorneys to assist him. He spends lavishly as he had in his prior lawsuits, but the length of the discovery process and trial stretch all of their assets to their limit. Though Unifirst settles for a little over $1 million, the money immediately is invested in the case against Grace and Beatrice. The plaintiffs' case against Grace is far stronger for two reasons: (1) Schlichtmann has personal testimony of a former employee of Grace who had witnessed dumping, and (2) a river between Beatrice's tannery and the contaminated wells makes Beatrice's contribution to the contamination less likely. The jury finds Beatrice not liable. Though Schlichtmann's firm anticipates a much higher settlement, the dire state of its finances forces it to accept settlement from W.R. Grace for $8 million. Schlichtmann disperses the settlement to the families, excluding expenses and attorney's fees (which resulted in approx. $375,000 per family). When some families think Schlichtmann had overbilled expenses, he acquiesces and surrenders more of his fee. Schlichtmann later files for bankruptcy after losing his condo and car; he lived in his office for a time. Schlichtmann eventually practices environmental, civil, and personal injury law. A report from the Environmental Protection Agency (which later filed its own lawsuits against the companies based on new evidence) concludes from sludge removed from the site that both companies had contaminated the wells. In 1988, Schlichtmann attempts to reraise the case against Beatrice, but the judge dismisses the case, citing testimony from Beatrice's soil chemist. However, due to the lawsuits brought forward by the Environmental Protection Agency, W.R. Grace and Beatrice Foods are eventually forced to pay for the largest chemical cleanup in the history of the Northeastern United States at that time, which cost about $68 million. ==Critical reception== The New York Times wrote that "Harr does not overdramatize individual scenes, but he does depict a world containing three types of people: innocent victims, lonely crusaders and the malignant pawns of the corporate state." Kirkus Reviews called the book "a crash course in big-bucks tort litigation, as rich as any novel on the scene." == References == Category:1995 non-fiction books Category:1995 in the environment Category:American non-fiction books Category:Non-fiction books adapted into films Category:English-language books Category:Environmental non- fiction books Category:National Book Critics Circle Award-winning works Category:Random House books
21939411	A Fringe of Leaves	A Fringe of Leaves is the tenth published novel by the Australian novelist and 1973 Nobel Prize-winner, Patrick White. ==Plot== 20px ... she fell back upon the dust, amongst intimations of the nightmare which threatened to re-shape itself around her. Her trembling only gradually subsided as she lay fingering the ring threaded into her fringe of leaves... 20px A Fringe of Leaves, p 223 A young Cornish woman, Ellen Roxburgh, travels to the Australian colony of Van Diemen's Land (now "Tasmania") in the early 1830s with her older husband, Austin, to visit his brother Garnet Roxburgh. After witnessing the brutalities of Van Diemen's Land, the Roxburghs embark on their return trip to England on the Bristol Maid. But the ship runs aground on the coral reef off the coast of what is now Queensland. Ellen is the only survivor from the leaky vessel in which the passengers and crew travel to the shore. She is rescued by the Aboriginal people of the island, and she later meets Jack Chance, a convict who has escaped from Moreton Bay (now Brisbane), the brutal penal settlement to the south. It is Chance who escorts her through the dangerous coastal territory south to the outskirts of the settlement, but who refuses to accompany her further and returns to his exile. She returns to "civilisation" transformed and tormented by her experience with Garnet in Van Diemen's Land, with the Aboriginal people, and with Chance. The novel sets in sharp relief the distinctions between men and women, whites and blacks, the convicts and the free, and English colonists and Australian settlers. The contrast between Ellen's rural Cornish background and the English middle class she has married into is also highlighted. ==Historical references== 20px To indulge in such an unlikely fancy could not be regarded in any degree as a betrayal, but while she walked, her already withered fringe of leaves began deriding her shrunken thighs, and daylight struck an ironic glint out of the concealed wedding-ring. 20px A Fringe of Leaves, p 229 The shipwreck and rescue parts of the novel reflect the experiences of Eliza Fraser, who was also shipwrecked on the island that bears her name, met with an escaped convict who had lived alongside the island's Aboriginal people, and married a "Mr Jevons". She, however, eventually returned to the UK. White's novel is (arguably recursively) often cited about Fraser Island and Eliza Fraser. == References == Category:1976 Australian novels Category:Novels by Patrick White Category:Novels set in Queensland Category:Novels set in the 1830s Category:Jonathan Cape books
21968101	A Good Word for the Vicar of Bray	"A Good Word for the Vicar of Bray" is an essay by the English author George Orwell. In it Orwell encourages the public-spirited action of planting trees, which may well make up for the harm people do in their lives. The essay was first published in Tribune on 26 April 1946. ==Background== The "Vicar of Bray" is a song about a 17th-century cleric who changed his religious views from one extreme to another according to the government of the time in order to retain his living. In 1936, Orwell took the lease of a cottage at Wallington, Hertfordshire and moved in by 2 April, two months before his marriage. It was a very small cottage called the "Stores" with almost no modern facilities in a tiny village. He needed somewhere quiet to work on The Road to Wigan Pier, and as well as writing, he spent hours regenerating the garden. In the preceding ten years Orwell had seen numerous changes of political affiliation in the ideological battlegrounds of socialism, fascism, capitalism, Trotskyism and Stalinism within the wider context of the Spanish Civil War and World War II. Orwell discussed these more specifically in his more political essays such as "Second Thoughts on James Burnham". ==Summary== Orwell notes that the Vicar of Bray has a very poor reputation because of his political opportunism, but yet he left two positive legacies - an entertaining song and a giant yew tree which he is said to have planted in Bray church yard. Orwell then quotes two examples, one of murder and the other of adultery, where the perpetrators left something that could be appreciated after their deaths. Thibaw, last king of Burma, decapitated seventy or eighty of his brothers on his accession, but planted Tamarind trees in Mandalay, and Mrs. Overall, wife of Dean Overall was a wanton but was commemorated in an entertaining poem about her – "The Shepherd Swaine" by John Aubrey. Orwell then makes a plea in favour of tree-planting. Ten years previously he had bought a job-lot of fruit trees and rose bushes from a nursery, and he notes how they have flourished and will hopefully be appreciated in years to come. Therefore, planting a tree is a good way of atoning for misdeeds. ==Extract== > Still, it might not be a bad idea, every time you commit an anti-social act, > to make a note of it in your diary, and then, at the appropriate season, > push an acorn into the ground. And even if one in twenty of them came to > maturity, you might do quite a lot of harm in your lifetime, and still like > the Vicar of Bray, end up as a public benefactor after all. ==Legacy== In 2021, writer Rebecca Solnit paid a visit to the cottage in Wallington, hoping to see Orwell's fruit trees. Alas, the trees had been cut down in the 1990s, but the roses he planted were still alive and well. ==See also== *Bibliography of George Orwell ==References== ==External links== * Text of A Good Word for the Vicar of Bray Category:Essays by George Orwell Category:1946 essays Category:Works originally published in Tribune (magazine)
21968479	A Dog's Life (1950 film)	A Dog's Life () is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli and Steno. == Plot == Nino Martoni is the manager of a ramshackle show company. Her dancers include Lucy, the soubrette, capricious and obstinate, Franca, who left her beloved boyfriend Carlo with bitterness and suffering, because he was too poor for her ambitions, who aspires to a comfortable and luxurious life and Vera, in love , reciprocated by Mario, the son of a rich and wealthy bourgeois. The troupe is joined by Margherita, who has fled from the village and is wanted by the police on behalf of her parents, who is welcomed by the manager moved by the frightened and melancholy girl. When Lucy, after yet another altercation with Nino, leaves the company, this replaces her with Margherita who reveals unsuspected skills as a dancer and singer. The success of the girl, renamed Rita Buton, in the Alambra in Rome is overwhelming and the highly satisfied impresario of the theater signs a contract with the company for 2 months. Unfortunately, success and fame will not be for everyone: Franca reluctantly accepts the attentions of a very rich, but slippery and repulsive entrepreneur, attracted by the comfortable life that he can offer her and which she yearns for. She will then end up committing suicide shortly after the wedding by throwing herself out of a window, when her repellent husband introduces her to his newly hired technical director, who is none other than Carlo, who in the meantime has managed to make his talent appreciated and to patent one of his invention. Mario's father joins his son who has run away from home to run after his beloved, still a minor. In the police station, where the girl is summoned together with Nino, accused of circumvention of minors, however the unexpected happens when Vera recognizes in the man, the guy who had given her a lift with the car and who had tried, in vain, to abuse her. At that point Mario's father, bitterly opposed to his son's relationship with a dancer, realizes that Vera is a good and serious girl and accepts her by apologizing and withdrawing her complaint. Vera, radiant and happy, prefers marriage to her career. Meanwhile Nino, in love with the beautiful Rita, is ready to make his declaration of love with a precious ring as a gift, but unseen attends an important offer of engagement of the girl by a well-known and prestigious theatrical impresario of Milan , who witnessed the show was favorably impressed by the young woman's talent. Nino, reluctantly, sacrificing her feeling for Rita and not wanting to compromise the young woman's career, takes her in a bad way, even driving her out of her company. The girl, bewildered, unable to understand the man's behavior, runs away from the theater crying and goes to sign the contract with the Milan impresario. By now Margherita, alias Rita Buton, has become a famous and acclaimed soubrette; Nino secretly goes to the theater where she is performing a show and leaves an anonymous bouquet of flowers at the entrance to be given to the girl. Nino is left with the rest of the company, in which he resumes Lucy, meanwhile without a job, continuing to direct the shows despite the difficulties. ==Cast== * Aldo Fabrizi as Nino Martoni * Gina Lollobrigida as Margherita 'Rita Buton' * Delia Scala as Vera * Tamara Lees as Franka * Gianni Barrella as L'impresario * Bruno Corelli as Dedè Moreno, il primo ballerino * Enzo Furlai as Boselli (as Enzo Furlai-Furlanetto) * Enzo Maggio as Gigetto * Michele Malaspina as Il commendatore Cantelli * Pasquale Misiano * Eduardo Passarelli * Nyta Dover as Lucy d'Astrid * Marcello Mastroianni as Carlo Danesi, fidanzato di Franca (as Marcello Mastrojanni) ==References== ==External links== * Category:1950 films Category:1950 comedy- drama films Category:Italian comedy-drama films Category:Films scored by Nino Rota Category:1950s Italian-language films Category:Italian black-and-white films Category:Films set in Rome Category:Films set in Milan Category:Films directed by Mario Monicelli Category:Films directed by Stefano Vanzina Category:Films produced by Carlo Ponti Category:Films about theatre Category:Films with screenplays by Ruggero Maccari Category:1950s Italian films
2196992	A Children's Story	A Children's Story (), also known as Certain Children in Australia, was directed by Andrea and Antonio Frazzi in 2004 and is an italian drama film which focuses on the life of an eleven-year-old boy growing up in an environment of poverty and criminality in Naples. This was the second film to be made by the Frazzi twins, Il cielo cade (starring Isabella Rossellini and JeroenKrabbé) having been released in 2000. It was Andrea Frazzi's last film; he died in May 2006. Certi bambini was awarded the 2004 Crystal Globe at the 39th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival. == Cast == * Gianluca Di Gennaro as Rosario * Carmine Recano as Damiano * Arturo Paglia as Santino * Sergio Solli as Casaluce * Rolando Ravello as Sciancalepore * Marcello Romolo as Don Alfonso * Mario Giordano * Nuccia Fumo * Terence Guida * Miriam Candurro as Catarina * Carlo Caracciolo * Francesco Di Leva * Marcella Granito as Giulia * Alessandro Guasco * Gennaro Mirto * Patrizio Rispo * Maria Laura Rondanini == Awards == * Karlovy Vary International Film Festival: Best Film == See also == * List of Italian films of 2004 == References == ==External links== * *A Children's Story at Eurochannel Category:2004 films Category:2004 drama films Category:Italian drama films Category:2000s Italian-language films Category:Films about the Camorra Category:Films set in Naples Category:Crystal Globe winners Category:Films directed by the Frazzi brothers Category:2000s Italian films
22006191	A Fragile Tomorrow	A Fragile Tomorrow is an American alternative/powerpop band from Charleston, South Carolina, United States, formerly from Montgomery, New York. The group formed in 2003 and included brothers Sean Kelly, Dom Kelly, and Brendan Kelly. In 2006, bassist Shaun Rhoades joined the group. The band has put out six studio albums, most recently the critically acclaimed Make Me Over in 2015 and Generation Loss in 2019. As of 2020, they were working on their seventh record and third MPress Records release. The band has shared the stage with/opened for Indigo Girls, The Bangles, Matthew Sweet, Toad the Wet Sprocket, Garrison Starr, Antigone Rising, K's Choice, Drivin N Cryin, Continental Drifters, Blues Traveler, The Cowsills, Danielle Howle, Susan Cowsill, Amy Ray, and more. ==Early years== The band was first formed by brothers Sean, Dominic, and Brendan Kelly. Sean and Dominic are two of triplets, all diagnosed with Cerebral Palsy as infants, and their fraternal triplet died when they were 6. After first becoming a band in 2003, three years later, they had enough material for an album, which led to their 2006 debut. Soon after the release, bassist Shaun Rhoades was added to the group. After ending their recording/management contract with Audem Records in early 2007, the band began work on their sophomore release Beautiful Noise, which was released independently in 2008. Touring in support of this release led to the band deciding to relocate from their hometown of Montgomery, NY to Charleston, SC. The band began recording the follow-up to 2008's Beautiful Noise, titled Tripping Over Nothing, which was produced by South Carolina musician Danielle Howle in the summer of 2009. The album features guest appearances once again by Peter Holsapple and Susan Cowsill, as well as Amy Ray of the Indigo Girls. Consistent touring in Charleston, coupled with time spent in the area recording their third album, prompted the band to relocate to the Charleston area in late 2009, where they have since remained. The album was released on February 23, 2010. The band put out the record on their own label, Piewillie Records. They toured heavily in support of it, opening for Indigo Girls In December 2010, the band released a digital EP of acoustic versions of songs from Tripping Over Nothing, titled Palmetto EP. Sean and Dom were featured vocalists on an Indigo Girls live release, titled "Staring Down the Brilliant Dream" which was released in June 2010. Additionally, they sing on the song "Closer to Fine" along with Michelle Malone and actress Jill Hennessy. In February 2011, the band went back out on the road with Indigo Girls, opening the southeast leg of their tour. On April 19, 2011, the band released a live record called Live at Awendaw Green that was recorded at a show in Awendaw, SC in December 2010. In summer 2011, the band announced their plans to start work on their fourth studio record. Preproduction began in fall 2011, and recording began in January 2012. On September 26, 2011, A Fragile Tomorrow announced via their Facebook page that they would be opening for The Bangles on the west coast leg of their November 2011 tour. Sessions for the band's fourth studio record began in January 2012 with Mitch Easter. According to the band's Facebook page, the album feature contributions from Don Dixon, Amy Ray of Indigo Girls, Vicki Peterson and Debbi Peterson of The Bangles, and Easter himself. Lead singer/songwriter Sean Kelly recently co-produced, engineered, and mixed Danielle Howle's new release New Year Revolutions, released in December 2011. Sean and Dom contributed vocals to three songs on Amy Ray's 2012 solo release, "Lung of Love". On March 29, 2012, A Fragile Tomorrow released a version of "Water's Part" by Let's Active, recorded with and produced by Let's Active front man himself, Mitch Easter for free download on their official site. The band opened dates for Matthew Sweet in June 2012. The band's fourth studio album, titled Be Nice Be Careful and produced by Mitch Easter and Ted Comerford, was released on January 8, 2013, via the band's Piewillie Records. The album was also released in Japan on the same day as its US release via Powerpop Academy/Thistime Records. Initially, the album garnered much critical acclaim, with Audiophile Reviews saying that "be nice be careful redefines powerpop for the 21st century" and Musoscribe claiming "If this is the state of powerpop in early 2013, things look good for the future". The band played headlining dates in 2013 in support of "Be Nice Be Careful", as well as dates supporting both Toad the Wet Sprocket and K's Choice. It was announced that the band will again support K's Choice, under the name Bettens, in Belgium and the Netherlands in November 2013. On February 18, 2014, the band will release Belgique, an EP of songs from Be Nice Be Careful recorded live at Ancienne Belgique in Brussels, Belgium. == Make Me Over == On July 8, 2014, the band announced they had signed a multi-album deal with NYC-based record label MPress Records, which also represents Rachael Sage, Melissa Ferrick, and Seth Glier. The band's fifth studio album, Make Me Over, was released on October 16, 2015, via MPress Records, with several headlining shows surrounding the release as well as a U.S. tour supporting Indigo Girls and shows in Tel Aviv, Israel supporting K's Choice. The album features appearances from Joan Baez, Mark Hart of Crowded House, and Indigo Girls. It was produced and engineered by the band in Savannah, Georgia. In October 2016, A Fragile Tomorrow announced they had been nominated for an Independent Music Award for their version of their cousin Richard Fariña's song "One Way Ticket" featuring Joan Baez and Indigo Girls. On November 12, they announced on social media that they had won the award for Best Cover Song. The band also announced that they had received 5 Grammy pre-nominations in various categories for Make Me Over. Drummer Dominic Kelly released his first solo album, Everything Is Just Enough, on April 7, 2017, on MPress Records. Singer and songwriter Sean Kelly is also set to release his debut solo album, Time Bomb, Baby in October 2017. == Generation Loss == The band released their sixth studio album Generation Loss on MPress Records on February 22, 2019. The album featured a change in lineup, with Dom Kelly moving to vocals and keyboards with the addition of Josh Kean as session/touring drummer. The album was written after the loss of their mother Vicki to cancer in 2017 and was released to critical acclaim. As of 2020, the band began working on their seventh studio record. In May 2021, Dominic Kelly announced his departure from the band. Sean Kelly alluded on social media to the band working with Peter Holsapple on their forthcoming album, which had been previously delayed by the COVID-19 pandemic. ==Discography== *Wishful Thinking (2006) *Beautiful Noise (2008) *Tripping Over Nothing (2010) *The Palmetto EP (2010) *Live At Awendaw Green (2011) *Be Nice Be Careful (2013) *Belgique EP (2014) *Make Me Over (2015) *Generation Loss (2019) *It’s Better That Way (2022) ==Members== ===Main Members=== Sean Kelly - lead vocals, guitars, synth, organ, electric piano, mandolin, accordion, programming (2003–present) Brendan Kelly - guitars, synth, keys, programming, percussion, vocals (2003–present) Shaun Rhoades - bass, piano, organ, percussion, vocals (2006–present) Josh Kean - drums, percussion (2017–present) ===Current Touring and/or Recording Personnel=== Peter Holsapple - keyboards (recording 2021–present) ===Former Members=== Dominic Kelly - drums, vocals (2003-2017) keyboards, vocals (2017-2021) ==References== == External links == *Official site Category:American power pop groups Category:Jangle pop groups Category:Musical groups from New York (state) Category:Musical groups established in 2003
2202702	A Dance with Dragons	A Dance with Dragons is the fifth novel of seven planned in the epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire by American author George R. R. Martin. In some areas, the paperback edition was published in two parts, titled Dreams and Dust and After the Feast. It was the only novel in the series to be published during the eight-season run of the HBO adaptation of the series, Game of Thrones, and runs to 1,040 pages with a word count of almost 415,000. The US hardcover was officially published on July 12, 2011, and a few weeks later went to No. 1 on both Publishers Weekly and USA Today bestsellers lists. The novel has been adapted for television as the fifth season of Game of Thrones, although elements of the book have also appeared in the series' third, fourth and sixth seasons. ==Plot summary== ===The Wall and beyond === Stannis Baratheon, a claimant to the Iron Throne of Westeros, occupies the Wall at the realm's northern border, having helped to repel an invasion of wildlings from the northern wilderness. Stannis executes Mance Rayder, the leader of the wildlings, for refusing to submit to him, and marches his army south to seek support in his bid for the throne. Jon Snow, the newly elected Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, the order that defends the Wall, prepares the defense against the Others, hostile inhuman creatures from the far north. Jon negotiates with wildling leader Tormund Giantsbane to let the wildlings past the Wall in exchange for their assistance in defending it. This results in a fragile peace but creates unrest among the Night's Watch, who have considered the wildlings their enemies for centuries. Stannis's advisor, the sorceress Melisandre, warns Jon that his half-sister, Arya Stark, is in trouble. Mance is revealed to be alive, thanks to Melisandre's magical trickery. He is sent to the Starks' ancestral castle Winterfell, now occupied by the enemy Boltons, to rescue Arya. However, the girl in Melisandre's visions turns out to be Alys Karstark, a young noblewoman fleeing to the Wall to escape her treacherous uncle. To protect Alys and aid the wildlings' integration into Westerosi society, Jon arranges for Alys to marry Sigorn of Thenn, a wildling leader. Jon receives a taunting letter from Ramsay Bolton, who claims to have crushed Stannis's army at Winterfell. Threatening attack, Ramsay demands that Jon send him Stannis's wife, daughter, and other hostages, in addition to Arya and Jon's foster-brother Theon Greyjoy, the latter two whom Jon hasn't seen in years. Jon decides to march on Ramsay himself and asks for volunteers to accompany him. His officers view Jon's intent to march on Ramsay as a betrayal of the Watch's neutrality and he is stabbed in a mutiny. Meanwhile, Jon's paraplegic half-brother Bran Stark, traveling north of the Wall, is led to the last surviving Children of the Forest, the non-human natives of Westeros. They introduce Bran and his companions to the "last greenseer", an ancient man intertwined with the roots of a weirwood tree. He helps Bran learn clairvoyant "greensight", enabling Bran to witness the past and present through the eyes of the weirwood trees that grow throughout the North. ===Across the Narrow Sea=== ====In the Free Cities==== Having killed his father Tywin, the Hand of the King, the dwarf Tyrion Lannister is smuggled out of Westeros to the city of Pentos by the spymaster Varys, where he is sheltered by the merchant Illyrio Mopatis. Tyrion is sent south with a party ostensibly to aid the exiled princess Daenerys Targaryen, who controls the only living dragons, in claiming the Iron Throne. Tyrion learns that Varys and Illyrio have hidden the presumed-dead Aegon Targaryen, son of Daenerys's late brother Prince Rhaegar, and intend to install him as king of Westeros with Daenerys's aid. Tyrion persuades Aegon to invade Westeros immediately, without waiting for Daenerys. Soon afterward, Tyrion is kidnapped by Daenerys's disgraced advisor Jorah Mormont, who intends to deliver him to Daenerys in order to regain her favor. In the Free City of Braavos, Arya is an acolyte of the guild of assassins known as the Faceless Men. When they temporarily afflict her with blindness, Arya develops her sense of hearing, and realizes that she can "see" through cats the same way she could with her pet direwolf, Nymeria. After her sight is restored, Arya is tasked with assassinating a corrupt merchant while magically disguised with another girl's face. After doing so, Arya is declared an apprentice of the Faceless Men, to be sent to another assassin to continue her training. ====Slaver's Bay==== Daenerys has conquered the city of Meereen and banned slavery, but struggles to maintain peace among various factions within the city, including the Sons of the Harpy, a violent Meereenese resistance group, and with the neighboring city of Yunkai. Daenerys' dragons have become increasingly dangerous, and she reluctantly confines them in a dungeon for the safety of her people. Drogon, the largest, evades capture and flies off. Despite her sexual relationship with the mercenary Daario Naharis, Daenerys marries the Meereenese nobleman Hizdahr zo Loraq to secure an alliance to appease the Sons of the Harpy. Quentyn Martell, the son of the Prince of Dorne in southern Westeros, arrives in Meereen in hopes of renewing the alliance between Daenerys's family and his, but he is unable to maintain her attention. Jorah and Tyrion are shipwrecked, kidnapped, and sold to a Yunkish slave trader. They escape from the Yunkish army besieging Meereen and join the Second Sons mercenary group, with Tyrion intending to secure their support for Daenerys. Meanwhile, another Westerosi, Victarion Greyjoy, sails for Meereen, intending to marry Daenerys and use her dragons to overthrow his brother, the king of the Ironborn. At Hizdahr's insistence, Daenerys reopens the city's "fighting pits" for gladiatorial combat, but the noise and carnage attract Drogon. In the resulting chaos, Daenerys climbs onto Drogon to calm him but he flies away with her. Hizdahr is implicated in an attempt to poison Daenerys. Her advisor, Barristan Selmy, takes part in a plot to remove Hizdahr from power, and the Sons of the Harpy resume their killing. Barristan prepares for battle with the armies outside Meereen. Quentyn attempts to prove his worth by riding one of the remaining dragons but is killed and both dragons are released. Drogon flies Daenerys to the Dothraki Sea, the grassland controlled by the nomadic Dothraki people. After several days, Daenerys encounters a Dothraki horde led by Khal Jhaqo. ===In the Seven Kingdoms=== ====The North==== In the North, Roose Bolton has overthrown House Stark and assumed authority as the Warden of the North after allying with House Frey. Much of the region is occupied by Ironborn invaders. Under Jon Snow's advice, Stannis wins the support of northern mountain clans by pledging to recapture Winterfell and fighting off the Ironborn. With their support, Stannis captures Asha Greyjoy, Victarion's niece, and marches his forces toward Winterfell to attack the Boltons, but his advance is halted by heavy snowstorms. Stannis's advisor Davos Seaworth is sent to win the support of the wealthy lord Wyman Manderly, who pretends to execute Davos to curry favor with the Lannister regime that controls the Iron Throne. In a secret meeting, Manderly tells Davos that he and other Northern vassals intend to feign submission to the Boltons and Lannisters while plotting revenge for Robb Stark's death and the restoration of Stark rule. Revealing to Davos that young Rickon Stark is in hiding on the remote island of Skagos, Manderly pledges to support Stannis if Davos can retrieve Rickon and unite the Starks' supporters around him. Theon Greyjoy is a prisoner of the Boltons, and is mutilated and tortured by Roose's sadistic son Ramsay, who renames Theon "Reek". To cement his rule over the North, Roose has Ramsay supposedly married to Arya Stark, but the girl is actually Jeyne Poole, a friend of Arya's sister Sansa, who is forced to impersonate Arya and is physically and sexually tormented by Ramsay. A disguised Mance Rayder arrives at Winterfell and enlists Theon to help him free the false Arya. Theon and Jeyne escape, leaping from the castle wall into the snow to be captured by Stannis's forces. ====The South==== Jaime Lannister, the uncle (and, secretly, father) of the young king Tommen Baratheon, negotiates the surrender of the last of the late Robb Stark's allies, nominally putting an end to the Stark–Lannister war in the Riverlands. Brienne of Tarth, whom Jaime had sent to search for Sansa Stark, finds Jaime and tells him Sansa is in danger; he follows after her. After Tyrion convinces Aegon to attack Westeros, Aegon and his forces capture several castles in the Stormlands with little resistance. Meanwhile, Aegon's foster father Jon Connington is secretly succumbing to greyscale, a deadly and infectious disease. Doran Martell, the prince of Dorne, sends two of his nieces north to the capital city of King's Landing to infiltrate the Faith and the government and work in Dorne's interests. Cersei Lannister, Tommen's mother and queen regent, has been arrested by the Faith on charges of fornication and conspiracy. To gain release from her imprisonment, she confesses to several of the lesser charges against her, but does not confess to having murdered her husband King Robert Baratheon, nor that her children are the product of incest. As a condition of her release, Cersei is forced to humiliate herself by walking naked across the city. Meanwhile, Cersei's ally, the ex-maester Qyburn, has created "Ser Robert Strong", an eight-foot-tall figure encased in armor, to be an unbeatable champion in Cersei's upcoming trial by combat. Having taken control of the government, Cersei's uncle Kevan Lannister and the Grand Maester Pycelle attempt to undo the damage caused by Cersei's misrule. However, Varys reappears and murders both Kevan and Pycelle, revealing that he has been plotting for years for the Lannisters to destroy themselves so that Aegon Targaryen can take the throne, having been raised to be an ideal ruler. The book ends with Varys sending his child spies to finish Kevan off. ===Extras=== In addition to the maps published in previous books, the book includes a new map of the previously-unmapped area of the Free Cities on the eastern continent. Like the previous four volumes in the Ice and Fire series, the book includes an appendix with a complete list of characters. ==Characters== The story is narrated from the point of view of 18 different characters, including two minor one-off point-of-view (POV) characters featured in the prologue and epilogue. All but two POV characters were identified before the book's release. In the North: * Prologue: Varamyr Sixskins, a skinchanger and one of the surviving wildlings north of the Wall. * Jon Snow, the 998th Lord Commander of the Night's Watch and bastard son of Eddard Stark. * Bran Stark, rightful heir to his brother, the late Robb Stark. Seeking an old power beyond the Wall, believed dead by his own family. * Davos Seaworth, former smuggler and Hand of the King to Stannis Baratheon. Has recently learned to read, sent to negotiate with northern houses. * Reek, the Prince of Winterfell, the Turncloak, a Ghost in Winterfell: Theon Greyjoy, presumed-dead son of recently deceased King Balon Greyjoy of the Iron Islands, a captive of Ramsay Bolton and now tortured, starved and barely sane. * The Wayward Bride, the King's Prize, the Sacrifice: Asha Greyjoy, niece of King Euron Greyjoy of the Iron Islands, fled the Iron Islands after her uncle's coronation. * Lady Melisandre, a shadow-binder from Asshai and a devoted priestess to the red god R'hllor, advisor to Stannis. In the eastern continent of Essos: * Daenerys Targaryen, heir to the Targaryen dynasty which ruled Westeros for 300 years until their deposition 15 years before the first novel. Self-proclaimed Queen of Westeros, she now rules the city of Meereen. * Tyrion Lannister, dwarf and uncle to the King Tommen of Westeros, a fugitive wanted for kinslaying and regicide. Recently fled the Seven Kingdoms. * The Merchant's Man, the Windblown, the Spurned Suitor, the Dragontamer: Quentyn Martell, eldest son of Prince Doran Martell of Dorne, traveling into the East on a mission for his father. * The Lost Lord, the Griffin Reborn: Jon Connington, one of the former Hands of the King to Aerys Targaryen and one of Prince Rhaegar's closest friends. Exiled, and falsely believed dead. His identity as a narrator was kept secret throughout the book's pre-release process. * The Queensguard, the Discarded Knight, the Kingbreaker, the Queen's Hand: Ser Barristan Selmy, the former Lord Commander of Robert Baratheon's Kingsguard, and the first of Daenerys's Queensguard. * The Iron Suitor: Victarion Greyjoy, Captain of the Iron fleet, recently gone on a quest to find Daenerys and use her for the Ironborn's own ends. * The Blind Girl, the Ugly Little Girl: Arya Stark, hiding in the Free City of Braavos, where she has taken on the identity of the "Cat of the Canals" and continues her training as an assassin by the House of Black and White (The Faceless Men). In the South: * The Watcher: Areo Hotah, Captain of Doran Martell's guard. * Ser Jaime Lannister, the Kingslayer, Lord Commander of the Kingsguard; currently occupying the lands around Riverrun. * Cersei Lannister, the Queen Regent, currently imprisoned in a tower cell, awaiting trial. * Epilogue: Ser Kevan Lannister, head of House Lannister in light of his brother's death, and current regent to King Tommen. His identity as a narrator was kept secret throughout the book's pre-release process. Chapters for several POVs, which may include Sansa Stark, Samwell Tarly, Aeron Damphair, Arianne Martell, and Brienne of Tarth were written for the book, but they will instead tentatively appear in the next book, The Winds of Winter. ==Writing== ===Early development=== A Dance with Dragons was originally intended to be the title of the second novel in the sequence, when Martin still envisioned the series as a trilogy. Some early US editions of A Game of Thrones (1996) list A Dance of Dragons as the forthcoming second volume in the series. The 1998 anthology Legends, which features the novella The Hedge Knight from the same universe, listed A Dance of Dragons as the third installment of a four-book series. Due to the size of the still-unfinished manuscript for A Feast for Crows, Martin and his publishers split the narrative into two books. Rather than divide the text in half chronologically, Martin instead split the material by character and location, resulting in "two novels taking place simultaneously" with different casts of characters. Published in 2005, A Feast for Crows is narrated primarily by characters in the South of the Seven Kingdoms and in the new locations of the Iron Islands and Dorne. A Dance with Dragons covers characters in the North and across the narrow sea, although Jaime Lannister, Cersei Lannister, Arya Stark, Areo Hotah and Victarion and Asha Greyjoy appear in both volumes. Approximately one-third of the published A Dance with Dragons consists of material that had been written for the pre-split A Feast for Crows, although much of this has been rewritten by Martin. In 2009, Martin confirmed that, contrary to earlier statements, Sansa Stark would not appear in A Dance with Dragons; Sansa chapters initially slated for the novel have instead been pushed back to The Winds of Winter, which is planned to be the sixth book in the series. In early 2010, Martin noted that his intent for A Dance with Dragons was for the first 800 manuscript pages to cover the alternate characters in the same time span as A Feast for Crows, and that "Everything that follows is post-Feast, so that's where some of the cast from the last book start popping up again." Stating that "I wanted to resolve at least a few of the cliffhangers from Feast," Martin also mentioned the possibility that some of his finished chapters might get pushed to the next novel, The Winds of Winter, depending on the length of the finished manuscript for A Dance with Dragons. ===Road to publication=== Martin supplied a note at the end of A Feast for Crows explaining the reason for the split and promising that A Dance with Dragons would follow with the missing POV characters 'next year'. Despite these original, optimistic predictions of possible completion in late 2006, Martin completed the novel in April 2011, nearly five years later. During this period, Martin's blog featured sporadic updates on his progress, and in January 2008 he posted an update affirming his vigilant commitment to finishing the novel. In early 2008, publisher Spectra Books stated that A Dance with Dragons would be released on September 30, 2008, but Martin stated this would only be possible if he finished writing by the end of June, before his trip to Spain and Portugal, a goal which he did not meet. On February 19, 2009, Martin posted on his website: "I am trying to finish the book by June. I think I can do that. If I do, A Dance with Dragons will likely be published in September or October." On June 22, 2009, the author expressed "guarded optimism" with respect to his progress on the novel, while still not confirming a publication date. When asked in a July 2009 interview with FREE! Magazine how the book was going, Martin stated, "It is going pretty well, actually. I am hoping to finish it by September or October; that is my goal." On October 6, 2009, Martin said that his working manuscript for A Dance With Dragons had just exceeded 1,100 pages of completed chapters, plus "considerably more in partials, fragments, and roughs." He noted that this made the upcoming novel longer than his earlier books A Game of Thrones and A Feast for Crows, and nearly as long as A Clash of Kings. On March 2, 2010, Martin remarked that he had reached 1,311 manuscript pages, making A Dance with Dragons the second-longest novel in the series at that point, behind only the 1,521-page manuscript of A Storm of Swords. On July 8, 2010, Martin spoke at a conference and confirmed the current length of the book to be 1,400 manuscript pages. He expressed his disappointment that he was unable to completely finish the novel by the conference, although he would not speculate how soon the book would be completed after his return home on July 11. At the same conference, Martin also confirmed that he has written one Sansa, one Arya, and two Arianne chapters for the planned sixth novel, Winds of Winter, and had transferred two Cersei chapters from that book into A Dance with Dragons. On August 7, 2010, Martin confirmed that he had completed eight POVs, excluding the prologue and epilogue. At the New York Comic Con on October 10, 2010, Spectra senior editor Anne Groell revealed that Martin had only five chapters remaining to finish, with sections of the chapters already completed. She stated her desire to have the manuscript completed by December. In a December 2010 interview with Bear Swarm, Martin stated that he almost had A Dance With Dragons completed. On March 3, 2011, the release of the novel, though at that point still not completed, was set for July 12. Martin claimed this July 2011 publication date was different from the previous publication dates mentioned, in that this was "real", as opposed to earlier "wishful thinking, boundless optimism, cockeyed dreams, [and] honest mistakes". By April 27, 2011, A Dance with Dragons was completed save for incorporating requested changes made by his book editor and her staff copy-editors, suggested final draft notes from trusted friends and a line-by-line reread done to tighten and eliminate any unnecessary "fat" remaining in the manuscript. While the unfinished manuscript exceeded 1,600 pages, making it the longest volume in the series, the final draft was reduced to 1,510 pages, making A Dance of Dragons, by narrow margin, shorter than A Storm of Swords and thus the series' second-longest novel. As scheduled, the novel was released on July 12, 2011, though on June 29, 2011, Amazon Germany mistakenly released 180 copies of the novel early. Martin requested that those who held copies not spoil the book for fans who had to wait. Several A Song of Ice and Fire websites put an embargo in place on their forums with the same intent. ==Editions== Foreign-language editions * Bulgarian: Бард: "Танц с Дракони" ("Dance with Dragons") * Catalan: Alfaguara: "Dansa amb dracs" ("Dance with Dragons") * Chinese (traditional): Three volumes, "與龍共舞" 上, 中 and 下 * Croatian: Two volumes, Algoritam: "Ples zmajeva" ("A Dance of Dragons") * Czech: Talpress: "Tanec s draky" ("A Dance with Dragons") * Danish: "En dans med drager" ("A Dance with Dragons") * Dutch: Two volumes, Luitingh-Sijthoff: "Oude vetes, Nieuwe strijd", "Zwaarden tegen draken" ("Old Feuds, New Battle", "Swords Against Dragons") * Estonian: Two volumes, hardcover : Varrak "Tants Lohedega" ("A Dance with Dragons") book 1 (09/23/2016) & book 2 (05/18/2017) * Finnish: Two volumes: "Lohikäärmetanssi" ("Dragon Dance") 1 and 2 * French: Three volumes, Pygmalion: "Le Bûcher d'un roi", "Les dragons de Meereen", "Une danse avec les dragons" ("The Stake/Pyre of a King", "The Dragons of Meereen", "A Dance with Dragons") * German: FanPro (2012): "Drachenreigen" ("Dragons' Round"). Two volumes, Blanvalet (2012): "Der Sohn des Greifen", "Ein Tanz mit Drachen" ("The Son of the Griffin", "A Dance with Dragons") * Greek: Two volumes, Anubis: "Το Κάλεσμα της Φλόγας", "Το Σπαθί στο Σκοτάδι" ("Call of the Flame", "The Sword in the Darkness") * Hebrew: "ריקוד עם דרקונים חלק א – חלומות ואבק, ריקוד עם דרקונים חלק ב – לאחר המשתה" ("Dance with Dragons Part I – Dreams and Dust, Dancing with Dragons Part II – After the Feast") * Hungarian: Alexandra Könyvkiadó: "Sárkányok tánca" ("Dance of Dragons") * Italian: Three volumes, Arnoldo Mondadori Editore (2011, 2012): "I guerrieri del ghiaccio", "I fuochi di Valyria", "La danza dei draghi" ("The Warriors of Ice", "The Fires of Valyria", "The Dance of Dragons") * Japanese: Hardcover : Three volumes, Hayakawa (2013): "竜との舞踏" ("Dance with Dragons") I, II and III, paperback : Hayakawa (2016), I, II and III * Latvian: "Deja ar Pūķiem" ("A Dance with Dragons") * Lithuanian: Two volumes: "Šokis su Drakonais: Sapnai ir Dulkės", "Šokis su Drakonais: Po Puotos" ("Dance with Dragons: Dreams and the Dust", "Dance with Dragons: After the Feast") * Norwegian: Two volumes, Vendetta: "Drømmer og støv", "Dragenes dans" ("Dreams and Dust", "Dance of the Dragons") * Polish: "Taniec ze smokami" ("A Dance with Dragons") * Brazilian Portuguese: Leya: "A Dança dos Dragões" ("The Dance of Dragons") * European Portuguese: Two volumes, Saída de Emergência: "A Dança dos Dragões", "Os Reinos do Caos" ("A Dance of Dragons", "The Kingdom of Chaos") * Romanian: Nemira: "Dansul dragonilor" ("The Dance of the Dragons") * Russian: AST: "Танец с драконами" ("Dance with Dragons") * Serbian: Two volumes, Лагуна: "Плес са змајевима Део први: Снови и прах", "Плес са змајевима Део други: После гозбе" ("A Dance with Dragons Part I: Dreams and Dust", "A Dance with Dragons Part II: After the Feast") * Slovakia: Two volumes, Tatran: "Tanec s Drakmi 1: Sny a prach", "Tanec s Drakmi 2: Po hostine" ("A Dance with Dragons Part I: Dreams and Dust", "A Dance with Dragons Part II: After the Feast") * Slovenian: "Ples z zmaji" ("A Dance with Dragons") * Spanish: Ediciones Gigamesh: "Danza de dragones" ("Dance of Dragons") * Swedish: "Drakarnas dans" ("Dance of the Dragons") * Turkish: "Ejderhaların Dansı" ("Dance of Dragons") * Ukrainian: One volume, KM Publishing (2018): "Танок драконів" ("A Dance of Dragons") * Vietnamese: Three volumes: "Trò Chơi Vương Quyền 5A: Đánh thức Rồng Thiêng", "Trò Chơi Vương Quyền 5B: Trấn thủ thành Mereen", "Trò Chơi Vương Quyền 5C: Vũ điệu Rồng Thiêng". ("Game of Thrones 5A: Awake Dragon", "Game of Thrones 5B: Defense on Mereen", "Game of Thrones 5C: Dance of Dragons") ==Reception== ===Critical response=== The Atlantic Rachael Brown found A Dance with Dragons "infinitely more satisfying than its predecessor, 2005's bleak and plodding A Feast for Crows. The aspects of Martin's work that have endeared him to fans are abundant here – rich world building, narrative twists and turns, and gritty depictions of the human struggle for power. Characters who were sorely missed in Feast – Daenerys Targaryen, Tyrion Lannister, and Jon Snow – make up more than a third of the novel, and Martin is wise enough to give us at least a chapter from (almost) everyone else. Weaknesses that have plagued Martin's previous books are also present: too much repetition, unexceptional prose, and characters who use the same idioms (and have sex in exactly the same manner) no matter their ethnicity, social class, or continent. But while A Dance with Dragons cries out for better editing, it remains entirely engrossing. Martin has hidden so many clues and red herrings throughout his previous volumes that it is a thrill to see certain pieces fall into place." Remy Verhoeve of The Huffington Post said, "A Dance with Dragons is just a book, of course. It is not the Second Coming or anything. And I understand that the author must feel a lot of pressure concerning this one (he should). It's late and it has to repair some of the damage done by A Feast for Crows, which frankly felt as if it was written by a ghost writer at times. Finally it is here, and some of the things we've been wondering about for more than a decade are actually revealed (not everything, but at least some things). It has the same structural problems as the previous book; it is sprawling and incoherent at times, but at least the characters are more interesting than in the previous installment. It does feel like I'm reading a bunch of separate stories within the same setting–the chapters are told through the eyes of various characters–but that doesn't really bother me as I love the setting and like to see it through various points of view. Theories that have been bandied about online for the last ten years mostly come true in this book, so in that respect the novel isn't shocking but neither is it disappointing. Martin also manages to put in a few twists, but ends the book much like he did the previous one with cliffhangers instead of wrapping things up a little better so the next long wait won't hurt so much." David Orr of The New York Times said, "A Dance With Dragons comes in at roughly 9,574,622,012 pages, and smart money says the final two books in the series will make this one look like 'The Old Man and the Sea'. Such length isn't necessary, and it hurts Martin's prose and his plot mechanics. Tyrion 'waddles' at least 12 times here, and even if we suppose the unflattering word reflects Tyrion's contempt for his own awkward gait, it seems unlikely he would indulge this contempt when he's, say, fighting for his life. Similarly, when your novel's terrain stretches across hundreds of miles and your world lacks jet propulsion, as an author you face some basic problems of transportation that can result in conveyance via Rube Goldberg," but also wrote that "Still, 'A Dance With Dragons' is relentlessly entertaining." Time James Poniewozik found a possible "weakness to the early Meereen sections [by] marking time (and making Dany uncharacteristically indecisive) to allow time for all the pieces to fall into place" and said, "All this makes for a thousand-page book that feels half as long, that moves dextrously, answers key questions and gobsmacks you with convincing feints and change-ups. As in AFFC, there are sections that feel like they could have used an editor. In some chapters you suddenly find yourself in a strange land with a character you have little attachment to, wondering where this thread is going, as if you had stayed too long at a party after the friends you came with have left. The Washington Post Bill Sheehan said, "Filled with vividly rendered set pieces, unexpected turnings, assorted cliffhangers and moments of appalling cruelty, A Dance With Dragons is epic fantasy as it should be written: passionate, compelling, convincingly detailed and thoroughly imagined. Despite a number of overtly fantastic elements (dragons, seers, shape shifters and sorcerers), the book—and the series as a whole—feels grounded in the brutal reality of medieval times and has more in common with the Wars of the Roses than it does with The Lord of the Rings. The result is a complex summer blockbuster with brains and heart, a book with rare—and potentially enormous—appeal. Megan Wasson of The Christian Science Monitor said, "A Dance with Dragons may well be one of the best books in the five-book series so far. Martin's prose is concise but pithy, begging to be devoured over and over again. All the fans' favorite characters make an appearance, unlike in the last book. But what truly sets this book above some of the others in the series is Martin's ability to keep his readers on their toes and the edges of their seats. No character, no matter how likeable and seemingly important, is ever safe from Martin's pen (remember Ned Stark?), and on the other hand, no one can ever be truly pronounced dead. What you thought was going to happen after reading Books No. 1, 2, and even 3 and 4, now clearly will not happen, and that's where Martin's strength lies." ===Awards=== In April 2012, A Dance with Dragons was nominated for the 2012 Hugo Award for Best Novel. In May 2012, it was nominated for the 2012 Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and won it in June 2012. In August 2012, the novel was nominated for a World Fantasy Award for Best Novel. ==References== ==External links== * of author George R. R. Martin * * * * Category:2011 American novels Category:2011 fantasy novels Category:A Song of Ice and Fire books Category:American fantasy novels Category:Novels by George R. R. Martin Category:Voyager Books books Category:Bantam Spectra books
22137948	A Feelin' Like That	"A Feelin' Like That" is a song written by Ira Dean, David Lee Murphy, and Kim Tribble, and recorded by American country music artist Gary Allan. It was released in October 2006 as the only single from his first Greatest Hits compilation album. It peaked at number 12 on the U.S. country chart, and at number 71 on the Hot 100. ==Critical reception== Brody Vercher of Engine 145 called "A Feelin' Like That", "a quintessential Gary Allan song about 'a guy who has done it all and seen it all' but can’t find anything that gives him the same feeling as a former love that he left behind. ==Chart positions== "A Feelin' Like That" debuted at number 54 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of November 4, 2006. Chart (2006–2007) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2007) Position US Country Songs (Billboard) 47 ==References== Category:2006 singles Category:2006 songs Category:Gary Allan songs Category:Songs written by David Lee Murphy Category:MCA Nashville Records singles Category:Song recordings produced by Mark Wright (record producer) Category:Songs written by Kim Tribble Category:MCA Records singles
2216485	A History of Knowledge	A History of Knowledge (1991, ) is a book on intellectual history, with emphasis on the western civilization, written by Charles Van Doren, a former editor of the Encyclopædia Britannica. It is a history of human thought covering over 5,000 years of philosophy, learning, and belief systems that surveys the key historical trends and breakthroughs connecting the globalizing human landscape of the 20th century all the way back to the scattered roots of human civilization in India, Egypt, Mesopotamia, China, Greece, and Rome. For a sense of the tone, the first section is entitled "The Wisdom of the Ancients" and begins, "By the time written history began, some fifty centuries ago, mankind had learned much more than our primitive ancestors knew." The book's last chapter focuses on the potential developments of the 21st century. It also contains biographies of many notable historical figures. ==References== Category:1991 non-fiction books Category:20th-century history books Category:History books about science Category:History books about civilization Category:History books about the arts Category:History books about philosophy
22186504	A Caridá	A Caridá (Spanish: La Caridad) is one of eight parishes (administrative divisions) in the El Franco municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. The population is 1,796 (INE 2007). ==Villages== * Arboces * Llóngara * El Porto/Viavélez ==References== Category:Parishes in El Franco
22214531	A Dose of Rock 'n' Roll	"A Dose of Rock 'n' Roll" is a song written by Carl Groszman, who at the time was signed to Ringo Starr's record label, Ring O' Records. Starr released his own recording of the song on his 1976 album Ringo's Rotogravure. Also issued as the album's lead single, it became his first hit as an Atlantic Records artist. Released on 20 September 1976 in advance of the album in the US, the single spent nine weeks on the Billboard charts, peaking at number 26 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was released in the UK on 15 October but failed to chart there. Record World said that it "marks a return to the goodtime, sing-along style" and that "Peter Frampton adds some spicy guitar licks." ==Personnel== Musician Instrument Peter Frampton Guitar Jesse Ed Davis Danny Kortchmar Klaus Voormann Bass guitar Dr. John Keyboards Randy Brecker Trumpet Alan Rubin Michael Brecker Tenor saxophone George Young Lewis Delgatto Baritone saxophone ==References== ; Footnotes ; Citations ==External links== *Allmusic.com Category:1976 singles Category:Ringo Starr songs Category:Songs written by Carl Groszman Category:Year of song missing Category:1976 songs Category:Atlantic Records singles Category:Polydor Records singles
22235967	A Good Year (novel)	A Good Year is a 2004 novel by English writer Peter Mayle, author of A Year in Provence and Chasing Cézanne. The story follows Max Skinner, a London stockbroker who loses his job before finding out that he inherited a vineyard in France from his late uncle Henry. ==Plot summary== Max Skinner is a moderately successful trader in a City finance company. After spending several months compiling a lucrative trade contract, only to have it taken over by his immediate superior, he resigns, losing his car, income, and expected bonus, leaving him in debt. The same day he receives a letter from a notary in France, telling him his uncle Henry has just died, bequeathing him his estate in Provence. This is Le Griffon, a house and vineyard where Max had spent much of his childhood. After discussing the matter with his friend Charlie Willis, an estate agent and wine enthusiast, and with a substantial loan from him, Max travels to France to investigate the inheritance with a view to becoming a wine producer. After meeting the notary, the attractive Nathalie Auzet, Max discovers a large but derelict house, with 20 acres of vineyard. The house needs repair, the soil is thin and dry, especially a stony patch on the edge of the estate, and the wine a poor quality; "like gendarmes socks", as he tells Charlie later. He makes several excuses to spend time with Nathalie, taking her to lunch to discuss improving the wine, and later to an antique fair to check the possibilities of selling off some of the furniture. He meets Roussel, the vigneron, who laments the state of the wine, blaming lack of investment. Max proposes to call in an oenologue to advise on improving the wine, which disturbs Roussel. Max also finds a picture of Henry with an American woman who he doesn't recognise. The story cuts to Bordeaux, where a wine merchant, Fitzgerald, is hosting an exclusive wine tasting for a specialist wine, Le Coin Perdu, a fine quality, but a small production (600 cases) to be sold at prices of E40,000 per case. Back at Le Griffon, Max is visited by a young American woman, Christie Roberts, who tells him Henry was her father. Max confirms this by showing her a picture in which she identifies her mother. Max suggests the inheritance may be hers, not his, and they consult a lawyer, Maitre Bosc. He tells them it is a grey area, and could take months to resolve; in the meantime they should both stay at Le Griffon, to avoid abandoning their claim. Under the same roof Max and Christie are soon at loggerheads, ending when she hits him with a skillet during an argument, knocking him unconscious. Walking round the estate Christie, who has some knowledge of viticulture, finds the stony patch and recognises its potential and the care lavished on the vines there. In the village Max meets Fanny Chenal, a restaurant owner who is attracted to him. Max and Christie are invited to dinner with Roussel, and Max is surprised at the opulence of Roussel's home, in contrast to his usual rough appearance. The oenologue arrives, none other than Fitzgerald, who gives a damning assessment of the vines, even those on the stony patch. Christie is unconvinced, and suspicious of him, and later suggests a second opinion. At this Roussel becomes worried and takes Max to the wine cave, where he confesses; the vines on the stony patch are an unofficial cross-bred planting of his own, yielding an excellent but illegal wine. Unsure of what to do with it, and fearing official sanction, Roussel had consulted the notary, who had arranged a buyer. For the last eight years Roussel had been selling the entire vintage, which was collected in secret at dead of night by unmarked truck, in exchange for E 100,000 per consignment. Max remembers a wine label he had seen at Nathalie's house, and Charlie is able to identify it as Le Coin Perdu, sold by one JM Fitzgerald. Max realises the oenologue inspection had been a ruse, arranged by Nathalie to allay his suspicions, and they travel to Bordeaux to investigate. Charlie, masquerading as a client, is able to get a sample bottle of Le Coin Perdu and Roussel confirms it is his wine. However, when they return to confront Fitzgerald, they are met by the police. On their return they find Nathalie has disappeared; seeking Roussel and Max on a matter she had become suspicious and warned Fitzgerald, and they had fled with their winnings. At the village fete, Max and Fanny become enamoured with each other, while Charlie and Christie are already in love. Christie tells Max she has no interest in pursuing a claim to Le Griffon and resumes her travels, ending up in London with Charlie. Max settles into the role of a wine producer, planning improvements with Roussel. They realise the police at Fitzgerald's place were part of the scam, and no- one knows of their connection with Le Coin Perdu. The story ends with a party thrown by Max and Fanny, to celebrate the completion of a good year. ==Production== The idea for the book emerged from discussions Mayle had with his Provence neighbour, director Ridley Scott, who had interest in a cross- cultural fish-out-of-water comedy about an Englishman transplanted to Provence. In 2006 Scott adapted the book into a film starring Russell Crowe. ==References== Category:2004 British novels Category:British novels adapted into films Category:English novels Category:Novels set in London Category:Novels set in Provence Category:Peter Mayle Category:Sphere Books books
22268953	A Glint of Silver	A Glint of Silver is an album by Silly Wizard released in 1986 on the Green Linnet Records label. This is final studio album recorded by the band. ==Track listing== #"Roarin' Donald/The Man Who Shot the Windmill/A Glint of Silver (4:19)" #"The Secret Portrait/Wha'll Be King But Cherlie? (6:15)" #"Lover's Heart (5:13)" #"When Summer Ends (4:20)" #"The Chill Eastern Winds (6:02)" #"Willie Archer (3:36)" #"Simon MacKenzie's Welcome to His Twin Sisters/Farewell to "The Heb" (3:27)" #"The Blackbird of Sweet Avondale (4:42)" ==Personnel== *Phil Cunningham - Accordion, whistle, keyboards, vocals *Johnny Cunningham - Fiddle, mandolin *Andy M. Stewart - Vocals, tenor banjo *Martin Hadden - Bass ==References== Category:1986 albums Category:Silly Wizard albums
22395007	A Fan's Notes (film)	A Fan's Notes is a 1972 Canadian comedy film directed by Eric Till, based on the novel of the same name. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. ==Plot== Jerry Orbach plays a middle-aged dreamer and football fan, longs to be someone rich and famous but instead has to come to terms with the fact he can only be a fan, not a player. ==Cast== * Jerry Orbach as Fred * Patricia Collins as Patience * Burgess Meredith as Mr. Blue * Rosemary Murphy as Moms * Conrad Bain as Poppy ==Production== The film was shot from 8 September 1970 to 22 January 1971, on a budget of $800,000 (), with $200,000 coming from the Canadian Film Development Corporation. ==Release== A Fan's Notes and The True Nature of Bernadette were the first privately-funded Canadian films shown at the Cannes Film Festival. The film was theatrically released on 29 September 1972, in Toronto. ==References== ==Works cited== * * ==External links== * Category:1972 films Category:1972 comedy-drama films Category:Canadian comedy- drama films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:Films about writers Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films directed by Eric Till Category:Films set in New York City Category:Films set in psychiatric hospitals Category:Films shot in New York City Category:Films shot in Toronto Category:Warner Bros. films Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s Canadian films
22449809	A Banner Is Unfurled	A Banner is Unfurled is a Latter-day Saint (LDS) historical fiction series written by Marcie Gallacher and Kerri Robinson and published through Covenant Communications. It is set in the 1820s and follows the Ezekial and Julia Johnson family, a family of 16 children. ==Works in the series== #A Banner Is Unfurled (2005) #Be Still My Soul (2006) #Glory From On High (2008) #Abide With Me (2010) #No Greater Love (2012) ==References== ==External links== * Category:Mormon fiction Category:Novel series Category:Novels set in the 1820s
22532807	A Good Girl Keeps Herself in Good Order	A Good Girl Keeps Herself in Good Order () is a 1914 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström. ==Cast== * Alfred Lundberg as Fellman * Richard Lund as Sven * Clara Pontoppidan as Ruth Landén * Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson as Ruth's Mother ==References== ==External links== * Category:1914 films Category:1910s Swedish-language films Category:Swedish black-and-white films Category:1914 drama films Category:Swedish silent short films Category:Films directed by Victor Sjöström Category:1914 short films Category:Swedish drama films Category:Silent drama films
2261805	A Gangster and a Gentleman	A Gangster and a Gentleman is the debut studio album by American rapper Styles. The album was released on July 9, 2002, through Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Interscope Records. Styles was the second member of the Lox to record a solo album, after Kiss Tha Game Goodbye by Jadakiss was released in August 2001. The album contains production by the Alchemist, Rockwilder, Ayatollah, DJ Clue and Swizz Beatz who Styles had worked with previously on various Ruff Ryders recordings including the sophomore album We Are the Streets by The LOX. Californian hip-hop producer the Alchemist contributes two tracks. Guest performers include Jadakiss, Sheek Louch, J-Hood, Eve, Angie Stone, Lil' Mo, M.O.P. and Pharoahe Monch. The album was certified Gold by RIAA on October 11, 2002. ==Singles== The lead single "Good Times" peaked at number 22 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and received massive nationwide airplay in 2002. The Ayatollah-produced bonus track "The Life" featuring Pharoahe Monch was also released as a single in 2002 through Rawkus Records. ==Track listing== ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2002) Peak position === Year-end charts === Year-end chart performance for A Gangster and a Gentleman Chart (2002) Position Canadian R&B; Albums (Nielsen SoundScan) 108 US Billboard 200 152 US Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums (Billboard) 43 ==References== Gangster and a Gentleman, A Gangster and a Gentleman, A Category:Albums produced by Swizz Beatz Category:Albums produced by the Alchemist (musician) Category:Albums produced by Rockwilder Category:Albums produced by Ayatollah Category:Interscope Records albums Category:Ruff Ryders Entertainment albums
22643780	A Kingdom for a House	A Kingdom for a House or () is a 1949 Dutch comedy film directed by Jaap Speyer. With almost 1.3 million admissions it is one of the most successful Dutch films of all time. ==Cast== ==References== == External links == * Category:1949 films Category:Dutch black-and-white films Category:1949 comedy films Category:Films directed by Jaap Speyer Category:Dutch comedy films
22844430	A Good Baby	A Good Baby is a 1999 drama film directed by Katherine Dieckmann, making her directorial debut. The film was produced by Lianne Halfon, Tom Carouso, Aileen Argentini and Derrick Tseng. The screenplay was written by Dieckmann and Leon Rooke. The film stars Henry Thomas played Raymond Toker, a young loner. The other casts were David Strathairn, Cara Seymour, Danny Nelson, Jayne Morgan, Allison Glenn, Jerry Foster, Jerry Rushing, Emilie Jacobs and Hannah Grady. The film premiered at the 1999 Los Angeles Independent Film Festival. ==Plot== A young loner wandering the back roads of North Carolina comes across an abandoned baby. He immediately starts seeking the baby's parents, but starts developing a bond with the child that explores his own isolated roots. In true bad guy fashion, a traveling salesman appears and truths about the baby's origin start to unravel. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1999 films Category:American drama films Category:1999 drama films Category:Films scored by David Mansfield Category:Films set in North Carolina Category:Films shot in North Carolina Category:1990s English-language films Category:Films directed by Katherine Dieckmann Category:1990s American films
23127827	A Capable Man	is a one-shot Japanese manga written and illustrated by Hinako Takanaga. ==Plot== Shingo has always liked guys who are exceptional. His best friend, Koji, is the smartest, fastest, and hottest guy in school. But what Shingo doesn't know is that Koji has worked hard to be so exceptional - and he's doing it to impress Shingo! Why? He's in love with Shingo of course! But all is about to be revealed, because when Shingo's just-as-impressive cousin comes into town, Koji realizes he'll have to confess everything or risk losing his one true love forever... ==Publication== Kadokawa Shoten released the manga on January 29, 2004. The manga is licensed in North America as A Capable Man by Tokyopop's imprint, Blu, which released the manga on November 4, 2008. The manga is licensed as Traumboyz in Germany by Tokyopop Germany, which released the manga on March 2007. ==Reception== Mania.com's Danielle van Gorder commends the manga for its "nicely distinct" character designs but criticises it for "the reproduction [which] looks slightly muddy, and the screentone replication isn't the greatest". Pop Shock Culture's Isaac Hale commends the manga for its "adorable humor [which] is abundant in every story". Comic Book Bin's Leroy Douresseaux comments on the manga artist's use of "a variety of moods, techniques, and styles to give her stories a variety of temperatures – from hot and sexy to adorable and funny". ==References== Category:Comedy anime and manga Category:2004 manga Category:Manga anthologies Category:Josei manga Category:Yaoi anime and manga
23145569	A Ilha dos Amores	A Ilha dos Amores () is a 1982 Portuguese-Japanese drama film directed by Paulo Rocha. It was entered into the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. ==Cast== * Luís Miguel Cintra - Wenceslau de Moraes * Clara Joana - Isabel / Venus * Zita Duarte - Francesca * Jorge Silva Melo - Painter * Paulo Rocha - Camilo Pessanha * Yoshiko Mita - O-Yoné * Atsuko Murakumo - Ko-Haru * Jun Toyokawa - Asatarô * Erl Tenni - Atchan * Lai Wang - Chinese mother ==References== ==External links== * Category:1982 films Category:1982 drama films Category:Portuguese drama films Category:Japanese drama films Category:1980s Portuguese-language films Category:1980s Japanese-language films Category:Films directed by Paulo Rocha Category:Japan–Portugal relations Category:1980s Japanese films
23195496	A Brief History of the Twentieth Century	A Brief History of the Twentieth Century is the first compilation album by Gang of Four. It was released in December 1990. The liner notes are by Greil Marcus. == Track listing == * Tracks 1-6 are from the album Entertainment! (1979) * Track 7 is from the Yellow EP (1980) * Tracks 9-11 are from the album Solid Gold (1981) * Tracks 8 and 12-13 are from the EP Another Day/Another Dollar (1982) * Tracks 14-17 and 20 are from the album Songs of the Free (1982) * Tracks 18-19 are from the album Hard (1983) ==References== Category:Gang of Four (band) albums Category:1990 compilation albums Category:Warner Records compilation albums
23204598	A Girl's Tears	A Girl's Tears () is a 1980 Romanian drama film directed by Iosif Demian. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. It tells the story of a young girl's murder and how it changed the lives of the inhabitants of a Transylvanian village. ==Cast== * Anton Aftenie * George Bussun * George Negoescu * Lujza Orosz * Mihai Oroveanu * Dragos Pîslaru * Dorel Vişan as Maiorul ==References== ==External links== * Category:1980 films Category:1980 drama films Category:1980s Romanian-language films Category:Films directed by Iosif Demian Category:Romanian drama films
2323094	A History of the Arab Peoples	A History of the Arab Peoples is a book written from 1991 by the British-born Lebanese historian Albert Hourani.HUP - Harvard University Press A History of the Arab Peoples infoLibrarything data sheet The book presents the history of the Arabs from the advent of Islam (although some pre-Islamic history is included) to the late 20th Century. More recent editions contain an afterword by Malise Ruthven bringing the history up to the present day including the Invasion of Iraq. ==See also== * History of the Arabs by Philip K. Hitti * The Arabs in History by Bernard Lewis ==References== ==External links== * Category:1991 non-fiction books Category:History books about the Middle East Category:20th-century history books Category:History books about ethnic groups Category:Arab history Category:Faber and Faber books
23395144	A Dog Called Ego	A Dog Called Ego is a German post rock band from Hamburg, Germany formed in 2006 by Christoph Stepan (guitar, vocals), Dirk Bakker (drums), Marcel Habbe (guitar, vocals) and Gregor Kaisser (bass guitar). == History == Christoph Stepan and Gregor Kaisser had already been playing together in several musical projects when they started working on musical material for a project that carried the working title "A DOG CALLED EGO". In early 2006 they decided to record an album and asked two friends, Marcel Habbe and Dirk Bakker, to join them for a recording. The project quickly turned into a real band and the band started playing live. In Summer they recorded their debut album "Living Seriously Damages Health" in their own studio in Hamburg and it was described as the best alternative/Post Rock album of the last years by German Rock Hard Magazine. On the Album Chris Harms the singer of the German Gothic Rock band Lord Of The Lost played Cello for the song "Something Huge". After having played many concerts including a two-week tour through Bosnia and Herzegowina, A Dog Called Ego started writing new musical material and started recording at their own Little Big Ears Studio in Hamburg/Germany. During the recording process Marcel Habbe left the band due to personal reasons. In May 2011 A Dog Called Ego digitally released "Happy Happy Apocalypse" the second full-length record via bandcamp, physical copies are planned. Again Chris Harms contributed some chello lines. In summer 2012 the band released the "Don't Vote For Us"-EP and were asked by Anathema to support them on their European tour. Thereafter A Dog Called Ego locked down in their studio again to work on "Songs For Elevators" their latest album which was released on September 11, 2014. == Discography == * 2006: Living Seriously damages Health * 2011: Happy Happy Apocalypse * 2012: Don't Vote For Us * 2013: Songs For Elevators == External links == * A Dog Called Ego official website * Musik Terrorverlag review in German * Whiskey Soda review in German * Concert review with pictures * Metal Inside review * Rock Hard Magazine Bandpage * Metal-District review * Powermetal.de review Category:Musical groups established in 2006 Category:German post-rock groups
2343735	A Lady Without Passport	A Lady Without Passport is a 1950 American film noir film directed by Joseph H. Lewis and starring Hedy Lamarr and John Hodiak. Written by Howard Dimsdale, the film is about a beautiful concentration-camp refugee who has taken up residence in Cuba while awaiting permission to enter the United States. An undercover immigration agent decides to use her as an informant to entrap the leader of an alien-smuggling ring. This film marked the feature film debut of actor Steven Hill. ==Plot== After World War II, immigrants in Cuba who are refused visas for various reasons try to sneak into the U.S. illegally with the help of a human smuggling ring run by Palinov (George Macready), a Levantine café owner. Following the death of one immigrant, U.S. Immigration operative Pete Karczag (John Hodiak) is sent to Havana, where he poses as a Hungarian in need of Palinov's services. During his dangerous undercover investigation, Pete meets Marianne Lorress (Hedy Lamarr), a penniless Austrian refugee of the Buchenwald concentration camp who is waiting to be smuggled into the United States by Palinov. He decides to use her to obtain the place and time of Palinov's next operation. However Pete falls in love with Marianne, and deducing that she must give herself to Palinov in trade for the trip, talks her into staying in Cuba. Palinov discovers Karczag's true purpose and decides to use his own services. He exposes Pete to Marianne, who angrily decides to go ahead with the smuggling trip. Palinov tries to have Pete killed but the agent overcomes his would-be killer, gets the information from him, and reports it to his superior, Frank Westlake (James Craig). Palinov flies to the United States with Marianne and the other smuggled passengers. However, the airplane is being tracked by U.S. Immigration and is unable to refuel in Florida. Palinov and his pilot crash-land in the Florida Everglades in a desperate attempt to elude capture. Palinov forces Marianne to accompany him and his pilot, seeking a boat hidden on a river. He kills one of the passengers trying to board their small raft; the rest flee into the glades. Pete and Westlake take up pursuit but split up when Westlake decides that saving the lives of the remaining immigrants takes priority over arresting Palinov. Pete continues after the fugitives and Marianne. The pilot is bitten by a poisonous snake and is left behind. Pete finds the hidden boat and gives it to Palinov in exchange for Marianne, although Palinov treacherously tries but fails to shoot them during his escape. Pete reassures her that Palinov won't get far—Pete emptied the boat's fuel tank before giving it up. ==Cast== * Hedy Lamarr as Marianne Lorress * John Hodiak as Peter Karczag * James Craig as Frank Westlake * George Macready as Palinov * Steven Geray as Frenchman * Bruce Cowling as Archer Delby James * Nedrick Young as Harry Nordell * Steven Hill as Jack * Robert Osterloh as Lt. Lannahan * Trevor Bardette as Lt. Carfagno * Charles Wagenheim as Ramon Santez * Renzo Cesana as A. Sestina * Esther Zeitlin as Beryl Sandring * Carlo Tricoli as Mr. Sandring * Marta Mitrovich as Elizaveth Alonescu * Don Garner as Dmitri Matthias * Richard Crane as Navy Flyer * Nita Bieber as Dancer ==Production== The working title of this film was Visa and the production dates were early January through late February 1950. ==Reception== thumb|Hodiak and Lamarr According to MGM records the film earned $668,000 in the US and Canada and $336,000 elsewhere, leading to a loss of $444,000. ===Critical response=== Despite the fact that the film was made on a small budget, most reviews find the Casablanca-like film entertaining. When the film was released, the staff at Variety praised the film, writing "Beginning is a bit too cryptic for quick understanding, but when plotline [adapted by Cyril Hume from a suggested story by Lawrence Taylor] does take shape, the story builds and holds attention. Joseph H. Lewis' direction spins it along expertly, neatly pacing the suspenseful sequences."Variety, film review, 1950. Accessed: July 14, 2013. In the 21st century, Time Out Film Guide praised director Lewis. "A tight little script and economically etched characters provide a strong foundation, but it is Lewis' evocative visuals that really turn this into a poverty row gem."Time Out Film Guide, film review. In 2003, Dennis Schwartz gave the film a mixed review, writing: "Joseph H. Lewis (Gun Crazy/The Big Combo) does his best to make this tightly but uninspiring clichéd film noir work. But even though he adds zest and style by his solid visual directing effort, this low-budget Casablanca wannabe still lacks force. Though this is one of the much praised poverty row director's poorer films, it still is an interesting watch due to the strange effects of the visuals and the surreal atmospheric location shots."Schwartz, Dennis . Ozus' World Movie Reviews, film review, October 8, 2003. Accessed: July 14, 2013. ==Music== The dramatic score for the film, an ethnic Caribbean motif, was composed by David Raksin and conducted by Johnny Green. A suite of Raksin's music that survives on the film's master tape was issued on CD in 2009 on Film Score Monthly records. ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:1950 films Category:1950 crime drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1950s English-language films Category:Film noir Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Films directed by Joseph H. Lewis Category:Films scored by David Raksin Category:Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films Category:Films set in Havana Category:Films set in Florida Category:American crime drama films Category:Films about illegal immigration to the United States Category:1950s American films
2344068	A Forest	"A Forest" is a song by the English rock band The Cure. Co-produced by Mike Hedges and the band's Robert Smith, it was released as a single from the band's second album Seventeen Seconds on 28 March 1980. It was their debut entry on the UK Singles Chart, reaching number 31. The accompanying music video was first shown on BBC's Top of the Pops programme on 24 April 1980. Recorded and mixed over seven days, along with the rest of the songs from the album, "A Forest" is representative of The Cure's 1980s gothic rock phase. The song has featured on the band's set lists for many years. Several versions have appeared on concert albums, and it was re-recorded, then subsequently remixed and released as a single from Mixed Up in 1990. ==Background and recording== Mike Hedges co-produced the album Seventeen Seconds as well as "A Forest" with The Cure's Robert Smith. Hedges had first worked with the band on the track "Killing an Arab." Interviewed in 2004, he did not recall any demos existing for Seventeen Seconds; the band generally played the track in the studio before laying down a backing track to which overdubs were added. At the time of the recording of the album, bass guitarist Simon Gallup and keyboardist Matthieu Hartley had been added to the band's lineup. Gallup had replaced Michael Dempsey, who had departed to join The Associates. Gallup and Hartley joined remaining Cure members Smith (vocals) and Lol Tolhurst (drums) in late 1979 during the group's Future Pastimes tour, on which "A Forest" was one of the new songs added to their set list.Apter, p. 109–112 Due to budgetary restraints, Seventeen Seconds was recorded and mixed in seven days on a budget of between £2,000 and £3,000, which resulted in the band working 16 or 17 hours a day to complete the album. Hedges and Robert Smith knew the song would take more work to complete than other songs on the album, and would require more overdubs. The song was one of the last tracks recorded; the backing tracks were recorded first, followed by touch-ups to the individual parts, then Smith's vocals. Fiction Records owner Chris Parry told Smith that the song had the potential to be a hit if they made it sound "radio-friendly", but Smith refused, stating the way the track sounded was the sound he envisioned in his head.Apter, p. 117 Work on mixing "A Forest" took up much of the final day of sessions for the album. ==Composition and lyric== "A Forest" and its parent album Seventeen Seconds are representative of The Cure's gothic rock phase in the late 1970s and 1980s. The song has also been described as a post-punk track. Cure biographer Jeff Apter refers to "A Forest" as "the definitive early Cure mood piece" and argues the song is the centrepiece of the album. Smith's intention with "A Forest" was to make a song that was "really atmospheric". He has stated it was a pivotal recording for the group, representing "the archetypal Cure sound".Apter, p. 116 "A Forest" is performed in the key A minor.Rooksby, p. 98 Initially only the synth, guitar and drums are heard, followed by the introduction of the bass guitar and a second guitar part.Rooksby (p. 98) claims a drum machine is heard on the song The song initially follows an Am–C–F–Dm progression. Later on the track, its bridge contains a B–C–F#m–C–B–C sequence, which ends with a chromatic movement to the F chord before returning to Am. Following the echoing repetition of the word "again", a guitar solo appears which avoids string bends and moving in a pentatonic manner. The single version of the song fades out at around four minutes, while on the longer (album) version the instruments exit one by one, concluding with the sound of the bass guitar at 5:46".Rooksby, p. 98–99 The sound of Smith's guitar was a departure from that prevalent in the 1970s. Mike Hedges favored the use of flanging at the time, and he estimated that there were seven flanger devices used on "A Forest." Rikki Rooksby said that the slow phase effect heard on the guitar in "A Forest" "almost became a Smith trademark for a while". Simon Gallup said his playing on the track was intended to be reminiscent of the bass work in the music of The Stranglers, whose bassist Jean-Jacques Burnel was a major influence on him.Strickland, Britt. Simon Gallup: A Cure for the Common Bass, Bass Player, October 2004. Smith has given varying explanations of his lyric for "A Forest." He has said the lyric was based upon a dream he had as a child where he was lost in the woods unable to escape, but later denied it and stated, "It's just about a forest." ==Release and promotion== "A Forest" was released as a single on 5 April 1980. Its B-side was "Another Journey by Train," an instrumental remake of The Cure's "Jumping Someone Else's Train." The single received a mixed critical reception, though commercially its sales were an improvement for the band.Apter, p. 119 In early 1980, it spent eight weeks in the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number 31 on 12 April.Cure. OfficialCharts.com. Retrieved 27 January 2013. It was the highest they had placed on the chart by that point in their career.Apter, p. 122 In the United States, the song reached number 47 on the Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart.The Cure – Awards. Allmusic.com. Retrieved 27 January 2013. The version included on 1986 compilation Standing on a Beach/Staring at the Sea is neither the album version (which was also on the 12" single) nor the 7" single edit (which removes a few bars between verses and fades out part-way through the guitar solo ending). Andy Anderson, who later became The Cure's drummer, said "A Forest" was the first song he heard by the band. He was taken by both the music and vocals, and was especially drawn to Smith's guitar work and the keyboard melody, which he described as "haunting". He described the spare and simple 4/4 drum pattern as straightforward: "all that is needed". ==Legacy== "A Forest" has become the song most performed by the Cure, with over 1,000 live appearances. A live version of "A Forest" appeared on a four-song edition of The Hanging Garden released in July 1982.Apter, p. 172–173 It was performed with a "rough, punk-edged" sound on the 1984 live album Concert: The Cure Live. A performance appears on the live video The Cure in Orange, highly regarded by AllMusic reviewer Ned Raggett, while other live versions of the song appear on the concert film Show, and on disc one of the live album Bestival Live 2011. In 1990, the track was re-recorded (as the original master had been lost) and remixed by Mark Saunders for The Cure's Mixed Up album, which presented new remixes of classic Cure tracks.Apter, p. 252 The "Tree mix" version of "A Forest" was released as a single on 6 December 1990, a few weeks after the album release on 20 November. The song was redone for the second time on the Join the Dots box set, this time remixed by Mark Plati and featuring Earl Slick on guitar. This version was described as "awful" and "instantly dated" by reviewer Chris Ott. An acoustic version was recorded and released on the bonus disc that came with some copies of the 2001 Greatest Hits CD. Robert Smith supplied vocals for a Blank & Jones cover version of the song, which appeared on their 2004 album Monument. The song was also featured in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories (2006) on a new wave themed radio station The Wave 103. ==Music video== The promotional video for "A Forest" was the first that featured the band visually. It was created by David Hiller, who mixed footage from the band's 24 April 1980 debut appearance on BBC TV's Top of the Pops programme with a forest montage. Smith said the group "came across looking very morose and disinterested" in the video because that is how they felt at the time;Apter, p. 121–122 he "hated" Top of the Pops as he was "really anti-pop" during this period. He recalled he had been in pain at the time of the shoot as he had broken his thumb trying to change a tyre a few days previously. Smith's bandaged left thumb can be seen in the video. ==Track listing== 7" – Fiction/Polydor (UK) (1980) # "A Forest" – 3:54 # "Another Journey by Train" – 3:03 12" – Fiction/Polydor (UK) (1980) # "A Forest" – 5:55 # "Another Journey by Train" – 3:00 CD/12" – Fiction (UK) (1990) # "A Forest" (Tree Mix) – 6:55 # "A Forest" (Original) – 5:56 # "Inbetween Days" (Shiver Mix) – 6:24 ==Personnel== * Robert Smith – vocals, guitar * Simon Gallup – bass * Matthieu Hartley – keyboards * Lol Tolhurst – drums ==Charts== Weekly chart performance for "A Forest" Chart (1980) Peak position Belgium Singles Chart 20 Dutch Top 100 26 New Zealand Singles Chart 38 UK Singles Chart 31 US Billboard Dance Music/Club Play Singles 47 ==Certifications== ==Cover versions== * In 2003, German electronic music duo Blank & Jones, together with British singer Robert Smith, covered the song a released it as a single. * In 2004, French cover band Nouvelle Vague covered the song for their self-titled album Nouvelle Vague. * In 2006, Portuguese metal band A Dream of Poe covered the song for their EP Delirium Tremens. * In 2007, Norwegian black metal band Carpathian Forest covered the song as a bonus track for the re-issue of their 1998 album Black Shining Leather. * In 2020, Polish metal band Behemoth covered the song for their EP A Forest. * In 2023, French neofolk band SKÁLD covered the song for their album Huldufólk. ==References== * Apter, Jeff. Never Enough: The Story of The Cure. Omnibus Press, 2005. * Rooksby, Rikki. Inside Classic Rock Tracks. Backbeat, 2001. ==Notes== Category:1980 singles Category:The Cure songs Category:Songs written by Robert Smith (musician) Category:1979 songs Category:Fiction Records singles Category:Song recordings produced by Mike Hedges Category:Songs written by Simon Gallup Category:Songs written by Lol Tolhurst Category:Songs written by Matthieu Hartley
23481555	A Collation of Four Important Manuscripts of the Gospels	A Collation of Four Important Manuscripts of the Gospels, full title: A Collation of Four Important Manuscripts of the Gospels: With a View to Prove Their Common Origin, and to Restore the Text of Their Archetype. The book was published in 1877 by Thomas Kingsmill Abbott on behalf of his deceased colleague William Hugh Ferrar. William Hugh Ferrar (1826–1871) before his death collated four minuscules (Greek handwritten cursive texts) to demonstrate that they shared a common provenance. The four collated minuscules are: 13, 69, 124, 346 (known as Family 13 or Ferrar Family). Ferrar intended to establish that these four codices are derived from a common archetype, and to exhibit as nearly as possible the actual text of this archetype of these four minuscules, a text, therefore, more ancient and authoritative than of any of these manuscripts separately. The book was published in 1877 by T. K. Abbott on behalf of William Hugh Ferrar, who had died six years previous. ; Sigla : L – codex 69 : M – 346 : P – 13 : V – 124 : S – Stephanus' text edited by Scrivener : L1 – L prima manu : L2 – L secunda manu ==Further reading== * [collates 13, 69, 124, and 346 in the Gospels] ==External links== *W. H. Ferrar, A Collation of Four Important Manuscripts of the Gospels, at the Internet Archive Category:Biblical criticism Category:1877 non-fiction books Category:Books about ancient Christianity Category:Family 13 Category:Books about the Bible
23566733	A Country Collection	A Country Collection is a compilation album by Anne Murray issued by Capitol Records in 1980. It is a collection of ten songs, nine of which were taken from albums released between 1978 and 1980, with one additional song, "Do You Think Of Me?", newly recorded for the album. Unlike her then forthcoming Greatest Hits collection, which was composed mainly of Murray's chart hits, A Country Collection focused primarily on album cuts and lesser known material. The album peaked at #73 on the Billboard 200 and #7 on the Top Country Albums chart. It sold approximately 100,000 copies in the United States. ==Track listing== ==Chart performance== Chart (1980) Peak position ==References== Category:1980 greatest hits albums Category:Anne Murray compilation albums Category:Albums produced by Jim Ed Norman Category:Capitol Records compilation albums
23573003	A Change for the Better	A Change for the Better is a 1969 novel by English writer Susan Hill, published by Hamish Hamilton. ==Plot== The novel is set one November in a seaside town where Deirdrie Fount and her mother Winifred Oddicott run a drapery shop. Deirdre's 11-year-old son James never knew his father as they divorced shortly after his birth, but he often wonders about his father. Also in the town are Major Bertram Carpenter and his wife Flora who are residents in a large plush hotel. Bertram met his elderly friend Mr Isepp every couple of days but when the Carpenters return from a cruise from the West Indies he finds that his friend is ill. Bertram visits him at the hospital where Mr Isepp dies - Bertram is shocked by his friends death, aware of his own mortality and also blames the doctors... Meanwhile, Aubrey Fount, James' father is staying at the hotel where he plans to meet Deirdre and to introduce himself to his son James. ==References== Category:Novels by Susan Hill Category:1969 British novels Category:Hamish Hamilton books
23578789	A Girl's Own Story	A Girl's Own Story is a 1984 short Australian drama film directed by Jane Campion. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival. The short centers on the female adolescent experience—particularly female desire—using a fragmentary approach. == Plot == The film is set during the 1960s at the height of Beatlemania. It opens with schoolgirls singing a Beatles song in the courtyard of their Catholic school to the delight of their classmates, but a nun arrives to break it up. Two girls, Pam and Stella, are in a bedroom where they kiss cutouts of Beatles members that are pinned to the wall. One of the girls is wearing the cutout of her favorite Beatle as a mask to practice kissing on her friend. This is intercut with scenes of one of the other schoolgirls, Gloria, who is at home playing a game of make-believe with her brother Graeme. Pam's home life is a scene of dysfunction due to her unfaithful father and a depressed mother. Despite the parents' marital strife, the couple ends up reconciling much to Pam's surprise. A leitmotif of music-box notes plays intermittently throughout the film. ==Cast== * Gabrielle Shornegg as Pam * Geraldine Haywood as Stella * Marina Knight as Gloria * John Godden as Graeme * Joanne Gabbe as Sister * Colleen Fitzpatrick as Mother * Paul Chubb as Father * Jane Edwards as Deidre * Cynthia Turner as Nun 1 * Valda Diamond as Nun 2 * Katharine Cullen as Little Pam == Filming == Nicole Kidman admitted during an interview that at 14 she was originally cast as the lead in the film but turned it down because of her reluctance to kiss a girl and wear a shower cap. == Reception == A Girl's Own Story received acclaim and won the 1984 Rouben Mamoulian Award at the Sydney Fim Festival and the Best Direction Award at the Australian Film Institute. It screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival. Filmmaker Todd Haynes said "'A Girl's Own Story' is a film of acute tenderness and beauty". In a retrospective review, Cristina Álvarez López of Mubi wrote the film "signals concisely the fragile, liminal territory to be explored: a space between childhood and womanhood, between desire and repression, and between curiosity and trauma". ==References== ==External links== * *A Girl's Own Story at Vimeo *A Girl's Own Story at Senses of Cinema Category:1984 films Category:Australian drama short films Category:1984 drama films Category:1984 short films Category:Australian independent films Category:Australian black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Jane Campion Category:1984 independent films Category:Films about puberty Category:Films about adolescence Category:1980s feminist films Category:1980s English-language films Category:English-language drama films
23583555	A Boy Like That	"A Boy Like That/I Have A Love" is a song from the 1957 Broadway musical West Side Story, with music by Leonard Bernstein and lyrics by Stephen Sondheim. In the musical, the song is sung by the characters Anita and Maria. For the original Broadway cast recording, the song was performed by Chita Rivera (Anita) and Carol Lawrence (Maria). In the 1961 film version the roles were played by Rita Moreno and Natalie Wood, but the songs were dubbed by Betty Wand and Marni Nixon (as both Anita and Maria). However, the repeat of the two stanzas, sung by Anita, along with Maria's counterpoint of her defense, was omitted because of the complexity of the song, as well as to avoid the repetition, which would have slowed down the pace of the film. In the 2021 film, the roles were played by Ariana DeBose and Rachel Zegler. In 2010, Lin- Manuel Miranda and Raúl Esparza performed the song at Broadway Backwards, an annual Broadway Cares/Equity Fights AIDS showcase of show tunes sung by different genders. Miranda played Anita, while Esparza played Maria. ==Selena version== In 1995 Selena recorded "A Boy Like That" for the various-artists compilation album The Songs of West Side Story, which was a benefit for AIDS Project Los Angeles. Her version of the song was released posthumously as a single in 1996 by RCA Victor, with the maxi-single including four remixes by Tony Moran. The song was also included on the soundtrack album Selena. David Pack produced the track and Sheila E. performed percussion. Additional vocals were provided by Michelle Weeks, Godwin, and Nikki Richards. ===Track listing=== US remixes # "A Boy Like That" (radio edit 1) - 4:06 # "A Boy Like That" (radio edit 2) - 4:06 # "A Boy Like That" (original edit) - 3:28 # "A Boy Like That" (extended remix) - 8:14 # "A Boy Like That" (guitar mix) - 4:54 # "A Boy Like That" (dub mix) - 8:40 # "A Boy Like That" (tribal mix) - 7:13 # "A Boy Like That" (original full version) - 5:51 ==References== Category:1957 songs Category:1997 singles Category:EMI Records singles Category:Selena songs Category:Songs from West Side Story Category:Songs with music by Leonard Bernstein Category:Songs released posthumously Category:Songs written by Stephen Sondheim
23619277	A Brand You Can Trust	A Brand You Can Trust is the debut album from hip hop group La Coka Nostra. It was released on July 14, 2009 on Suburban Noize Records and Uncle Howie Records. The album has become a cult classic amongst fans, selling over 500,000 units and becoming certified gold after only a month, a feat rarely seen in underground hip hop. The album took over three years to make, due to solo projects from Everlast, Slaine, and Ill Bill. It was originally set for release on September 11, 2007 alongside Ill Bill's The Hour of Reprisal album, before both were pushed back. In late 2008 the group, with the help of former Non Phixion DJ DJ Eclipse and Cypress Hill members Sen Dog and DJ Muggs, signed with West Coast punk/hip hop label Suburban Noize Records. The album was recorded and mixed at DJ Lethal's studio and at the Soul Assassins Studio in Los Angeles, California, with additional mixing done in Brooklyn, New York at Ill Bill's in-home studio known as "Cult Leader Media". "Fuck Tony Montana" first appeared on the Ill Bill mixtape Ill Bill Is The Future Vol. 2: I'm a Goon!, released on December 5, 2006. "That's Coke" was remixed for the album due to sample clearance issues of the original version, which used portions from Bobby Byrd's "I'm Not To Blame". == Track listing == # Title Producer(s) Performer (s) 1 "Bloody Sunday" (feat. Big Left & Sen Dog) DJ Lethal * First Verse: Everlast * Second Verse: Ill Bill * Third Verse: Big Left * Fourth Verse: Slaine * Chorus: Sen Dog 2 "Get You By" DJ Lethal * Intro/First Verse: Slaine * Second Verse: Everlast, Danny Boy * Third Verse: Ill Bill 3 "Bang Bang" (feat. Snoop Dogg) DJ Lethal * First Verse: Ill Bill * Second Verse: Everlast * Third Verse: Slaine * Chorus: Snoop Dogg 4 "The Stain" Everlast * First Verse: Ill Bill * Second Verse: Slaine * Chorus: Everlast 5 "I'm an American" (feat. B-Real) Sicknature & DJ Lethal * First Verse: Slaine, Ill Bill * Second Verse: Everlast, B-Real 6 "Brujeria" (feat. Sick Jacken) DJ Lethal * Intro/Outro: Slaine * Verses: Slaine, Ill Bill, Everlast * Chorus: Sick Jacken 7 "Once Upon A Time" DJ Lethal * First Verse: Everlast * Second Verse: Ill Bill * Third Verse/Chorus: Slaine 8 "Cousin of Death" Ill Bill & DJ Lethal * First Verse: Slaine * Second Verse: Ill Bill * Chorus: Everlast 9 "Choose Your Side" (feat. Bun B) The Alchemist * First Verse: Bun B * Second Verse: Everlast * Third Verse Ill Bill * Chorus: Bun B, Everlast 10 "Hardcore Chemical" DJ Lethal * First Verse: Ill Bill * Second Verse: Everlast, Danny Boy * Third Verse: Slaine * Chorus: Everlast 11 "Soldier’s Story" (feat. Sick Jacken) DJ Lethal * First Verse: Ill Bill * Second Verse: Sick Jacken * Third Verse: Slaine * Chorus: Everlast 12 "Gun in Your Mouth" Cynic * Intro/First Verse: Slaine * Second Verse: Everlast * Third Verse/Chorus: Ill Bill 13 "Nuclear Medicinemen" (feat. Immortal Technique & Q-Unique) Q-Unique * First Verse: Slaine * Second Verse: Everlast * Third Verse: Immortal Technique * Fourth Verse: Q-Unique * Chorus: Ill Bill 14 "That's Coke" DJ Lethal * Verses: Everlast, Slaine & Ill Bill * Chorus: Danny Boy 15 "Fuck Tony Montana" (feat. Sick Jacken & B-Real) DJ Lethal * First Verse: Ill Bill * Second Verse: Everlast * Third Verse: Sick Jacken * Fourth Verse: B-Real * Fifth Verse: Slaine == Personnel == ;La Coka Nostra *Everlast – performer, writing, production (4) *Ill Bill – performer, writing, production (8) *Slaine – performer (1-8, 10-15), writing (1-8, 10-15) *Danny Boy – performer (2, 10, 14), executive production, art direction, design, photography, writing (14) *DJ Lethal – writing (1-3, 5-7, 10, 11, 14, 15), production (1-3, 5-8, 10, 11, 14, 15), scratching (3, 5, 14) ;Other personnel * Sen Dog – performer (1) * Big Left – performer (1), writing (1, 3) * Grisha Dimant – guitars (1) * Baby Jesus – bass guitar (2) * Russel Ali – additional guitars (2) * Snoop Dogg – performer (3) * B-Real – performer (5, 15), writing (5, 15) * Sicknature – production (5) * Sick Jacken – performer (6, 11, 15), writing (6, 11, 15) * Bun B – performer (9), writing (9) * The Alchemist – writing (9), production (9) * Cynic – writing (12), production (12) * Q-Unique – performer (13), writing (13), production (13) * Immortal Technique – performer (13), writing (13) * Brad X – executive production * Kevin Zinger – executive production * Dez Einswell – art direction, design * Casey Quintal – design, layout * Mike D. – photography ==Charts== Chart (2009) Peak position == Reception == AllMusic gave four out of five stars. Andrew Kameka of HipHopDX wrote that "the album is a mostly solid effort and exactly what someone would expect from a supergroup of like-minded members known for high- energy music". Adam Kennedy of the BBC while praising some the moments of the album said "it’s a tantalising parting taste of potential capabilities, yet until they improve a customer satisfaction hit rate that barely troubles one in three tunes here". Rap Reviews gave it a seven out of ten. Thomas Quinlan of Exclaim! said "La Coka Nostra are an interesting collection of collaborators that live up to the hype". == See also == * House of Pain * Non Phixion * Special Teamz * Limp Bizkit == References == Category:2009 debut albums Category:La Coka Nostra albums Category:Suburban Noize Records albums Category:Albums produced by DJ Lethal Category:Albums produced by the Alchemist (musician)
23678766	A Gathering of Old Men (film)	A Gathering of Old Men is a 1987 American-German television drama film directed by Volker Schlöndorff and based on the novel of the same name. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival. The film was released as television film in the US. For his performance actor Louis Gossett Jr. was nominated at the Emmy Awards for "Outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or a special". ==Plot== A bigoted white farmer is shot in self-defense on a Louisiana sugarcane plantation. A group of old black men come forward en masse to take responsibility for the killing. As the sheriff confronts the suspects, the young plantation owner stands firm in her defense of the old men. ==Cast== * Louis Gossett Jr. as Mathu * Richard Widmark as Sheriff Mapes * Holly Hunter as Candy Marshall * Joe Seneca as Clatoo * Will Patton as Lou Dimes * Woody Strode as Yank * Tiger Haynes as Booker * Papa John Creach as Jacob * Julius Harris as Coot * Rosanna Carter as Beulah * Walter Breaux as Charlie * Joe 'Flash' Riley as Jameson (as Jay 'Flash' Riley) * Danny Barker as Chimley * Howard 'Sandman' Sims as Uncle Billy * Michael Audley ss Uncle Jack Marshall * P. Jay Sidney as Gable * Rod Masterson as Couch == Accolades == 1987 Cannes Film Festival - Un Certain Regard Emmy Awards - Nominated - Outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or a special - Louis Gossett Jr. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1987 television films Category:1987 films Category:1987 drama films Category:CBS network films Category:1980s English-language films Category:Films about race and ethnicity Category:Films about racism Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films directed by Volker Schlöndorff Category:American drama television films Category:1980s American films
23697331	A French Kiss in the Chaos	A French Kiss in the Chaos is the second album by Reverend and the Makers, which was released on 27 July 2009. The album's first single was "Silence is Talking" released on 20 July 2009, and the second album single "No Soap (in a Dirty War)" was released on 14 September 2009. Some of the other songs on the album such as "The End" and "Hidden Persuaders" were debuted live on Oasis' Dig Out Your Soul Tour when the band was supporting them along with Kasabian and The Enemy, most notably at the Wembley Stadium 3 night run. == Reception == The album has received mixed reviews from critics, notably Metacritic which currently holds the album at 58/100 based on 7 critical reviews. The BBC also gave the album a mixed review, claiming that the album is an "accomplished indie album" if only its maker didn't need to resort to "hackneyed generalisations about the media having 'license to print lies as facts' and ridiculous alliteration like 'Professor Pickles prescribing me Prozac pills'". The Guardian backed this review up by stating other than "the galloping "Hidden Persuaders" and the funk groove of "No Wood Just Trees", this fails to excite." However, Contact Music stated the album was "decent" and stated the first single "Silence is Talking" rivals that of the band's breakthrough single Heavyweight Champion of the World and the album's finale, "Hard Time for Dreamers" was "breathtaking" and its greatness was "undeniable". Also, The Telegraph was extremely complimentary about the album, suggesting the album is a "cross between the arch cleverness of Blur and crowd pleasing instincts of Oasis". The newspaper awarded the album 3/5 stars. ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart performance for A French Kiss in the Chaos Chart (2009) Peak position ==References== Category:2009 albums Category:Wall of Sound (record label) albums Category:Reverend and The Makers albums
23720172	A Girl from Hunan	A Girl from Hunan (also known as Girl from Hunan) () is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival, and was one of the first mainland Chinese films to be commercially screened in the United States. The film is based on a 1929 short-story, Xiao Xiao (or Hsiao Hsiao), by author Shen Congwen. ==Plot== A Girl from Hunan tells the story of a willful young girl (initially played by Lin Qing and played as an adult by Naren Hua) who, at the start of the film, is about to enter into an arranged marriage with a two-year-old child, Chun Guan. Xiao Xiao, the girl in question, is only twelve. Left by her uncle in this remote village, Xiao Xiao is expected to be less of a wife than a mother to her new husband and lives under the domineering control of her mother-in-law. Now sixteen, Xiao Xiao catches the eye of a farmhand, Hua Gou (played by Deng Xiaoguang). She lets herself be seduced by him and soon finds herself pregnant. Knowing that the traditional village still executes women for adultery, Xiao Xiao is desperate to abort the baby but fails to accomplish her goal. With her pregnancy clear, Xiao Xiao faces the wrath of her mother-in-law, only to be saved by the appeal of her young husband, who has grown to love his wife, though perhaps more as a mother-figure than a spouse. When Xiao Xiao's child, a boy, is born, her mother-in-law begins the process of marrying off the child to yet another adolescent girl. A Girl from Hunan describe a beautiful human nature to defeat the old feudal customs, also reflecting the environment of Western Hunan is a closed place. Shen Congwen's distinct intoxication with the Chinese way of life can also be seen in the novel. Among them are simplicity, innocence, ignorance, confusion and freedom. Typical figure Xiao Xiao has no culture, has not been infected by the outside world. She had a young and beautiful heart with a primitive vitality, and in her we could feel a natural and unpolished beauty of human nature. People without intrigue and selfishness. It just full of warmth, we can see from rustling sweetness between Xiao Xiao and her little husband, Xiao Xiao's delicate feelings towards Motley, the pure friendship between her little husband and Motley, the love and care of her grandfather, and the tolerance of the patriarch to Xiao Xiao after her unexpected pregnancy. It reflects the beauty of human nature. ==Cast== * Naren Hua as Xiao Xiao (adult) * Deng Xiaoguang as Hua Gou * Lin Qing as Xiao Xiao (child) * Yu Zhang as Chun Guan * Ni Meiling as Chun Guan's mother * Zeng Peng as Young Chun Guan ==References== ==External links== * * *A Girl from Hunan from the Chinese Movie Database Category:1986 films Category:1986 drama films Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Films directed by Xie Fei Category:Films set in the 1900s Category:1980s Mandarin-language films Category:Chinese drama films
23764031	A Beautiful Life (2008 film)	A Beautiful Life is a 2008 American drama film directed by Alejandro Chomski and starring Jesse Garcia and Angela Sarafyan. It was released by New Films International, adapted from the play Jersey City by Wendy Hammond. The film received a 0% score on the review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes. ==Plot== A young woman, Maggie (Angela Sarafyan), is on the run from her abusive father. David (Jesse Garcia) is an illegal immigrant working as a dishwasher while searching for his mother in Los Angeles. The two meet and fall in love. ==Cast== * Angela Sarafyan as Maggie * Jesse Garcia as David * Bai Ling as Esther * Meltem Cumbul as Antanas * Debi Mazar as Susan * Rena Owen as Sam * Jonathan LaPaglia as Vince * Dana Delany as Anne * Enrique Castillo as Don Miguel * Ronnie Gene Blevins as Henry * Walter Perez as Enrico * Ștefan Bănică Jr. as Jack * Saadet Aksoy as Denise * Andreea Marin Banica as Britney * Tuba Ünsal as Sadenaz * Kayla Paige as Lucy * Deborah Calla as Virginia * Gloria Alexandra as Stripper * Royana Black as Cathy * Dan Kelpine as Jim ==Release== Although produced in 2008, the film was not released widely in North America until October 2, 2009, and first appeared on DVD on March 1, 2011. This was the second film by New Films International, a long-existing global independent film distribution company based in Sherman Oaks headed by Nesim Hason, whose new American division was led by Tim Swain. The company describes its focus as "festival-driven, high-quality, cast-driven indie films". ==Reception== A Beautiful Life received poor reviews from the twelve sources noted by the Rotten Tomatoes website. Metacritic gave the film a score of 13 out of 100, summarizing the reviews of the seven critics it measured as "overwhelming dislike". The New York Times called it a "laughably clichéd dive into sexual masochism", and The Village Voice saw it as a "misery pile up ... about broken souls and crossed paths destined for the trash heap. Scream, smash, slap, cry, repeat." Slant gave it a half-star out of four, saying that "its awfulness [comes] in so many forms that it's hard to single out just one appalling example". Variety felt that it provided "unintentional laughs by the barrel", and predicted that the film would be a box office bomb. NPR said that although the film deals with some serious topics, the random nature of characters and controversies made it hard to appreciate them, describing it as "too earnest to be a hoot, and too amateurish to be anything else". ==References== ==External links== * Category:2008 films Category:2008 drama films Category:American drama films Category:Films directed by Alejandro Chomski Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
23771373	A Cowboy Has to Sing	A Cowboy Has to Sing is the third Sons of the San Joaquin album and the first for a major label. All of the album's songs were written by members of the Sons of the Pioneers. Though newly recorded, the songs on this album can all be found on the two previous releases. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ===Sons of the San Joaquin=== *Jack Hannah *Joe Hannah *Lon Hannah ===Additional personnel=== *Joey Miskulin – accordion *Mark Casstevens – acoustic guitar, arch top guitar *Pat Flynn – acoustic guitar *Craig Nelson – acoustic bass *Sonny Garrish – pedal steel *Rob Hajacos – fiddle *Dennis Burnside – piano, synthesizer *Lonnie Wilson – drums, percussion ===Production=== *Michael Martin Murphey – executive producer, producer *Joey Miskulin – producer *Richard Helm – A&R; direction *Patricia Miskulin – production coordinator *Recorded at: **The Reflections and the Doghouse, Nashville, TN ***Gary Paczosa – engineer ***Toby Seay – assistant engineer ***Marshall Morgan – mixer *Mastered at: **Georgetown Masters, Nashville, TN ***Denny Purcell – mastering *William Matthews – watercolor painting *Steven Whatley – design Track information and credits verified from the album's liner notes. ==References== ==External links== *Official site Category:1992 albums Category:Sons of the San Joaquin albums
23837773	A Bitter Fate	A Bitter Fate (, ), also translated as A Bitter Lot, is an 1859 realistic play by Aleksey Pisemsky.Banham (1998, 861) and Moser (1992, 273). Started in early 1859 in St. Petersburg, finished on 19 August and first published by Biblioteka Dlya Chteniya in November that year,Yeryomin, M.P. Commentaries to Горькая судьбина. The Selected Works by A.F. Pisemsky. 1959 // А.Ф.Писемский. Собр. соч. в 9 томах. Том 9. Издательство "Правда" биб-ка "Огонек", Москва, 1959 the four-act play tackles serfdom in Russia and the social and moral divisions that it creates by means of a story that focuses on a provincial ménage à trois. With the exception of Leo Tolstoy's The Power of Darkness (1886), it is the only major play to dramatise the experiences of peasants in the history of Russian realistic drama.Moser (1992, 274). It has been described as a masterpiece of the Russian theatre and the first Russian realistic tragedy.Banham (1998, 861) and Eriksen, MacLeod, and Wisneski (1960, 471). The play is available in English translation in Masterpieces of the Russian Drama, Volume 1, edited by George Rapall Noyes, Dover Publications, 1961. ==References== ==Sources== * Banham, Martin, ed. 1998. The Cambridge Guide to Theatre. Cambridge: Cambridge UP. . * Eriksen, Gordon, Garrard MacLeod, and Martin Wisneski, ed. 1960. Encyclopædia Britannica 15th Edition. Volume 9. * Moser, Charles A., ed. 1992. The Cambridge History of Russian Literature. Rev. ed. Cambridge: Cambridge UP. . Category:Works by Aleksey Pisemsky Category:1859 plays Category:Russian plays Category:Plays set in Russia
23848363	A Butterfly in the Night	A Butterfly in the Night () is a 1977 Argentine comedy-drama film directed by and starring Armando Bo alongside Isabel Sarli. ==Cast== thumb|right|Sarli in A Butterfly in the Night *Isabel Sarli as Yvonne *Armando Bo as Jorge *Víctor Bó as Lorenzo *Vicente Rubino as Vicente *Juan José Miguez as Pedro *Horacio Bruno as the pirate *Claude Marting as policeman *Mario Casado as Cholo *Adelco Lanza as Manolo *Carlos Lagrotta as Escrilano *Enrique Vargas *Nino Udine *Pancho Jiménez *Arturo Noal *Juan Carlos Cevallos ==References== ==External links== * Category:1977 films Category:1970s Spanish-language films Category:1977 comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by Armando Bó Category:Films about prostitution in Argentina Category:1977 comedy films Category:1977 drama films Category:Argentine comedy-drama films Category:1970s Argentine films
23853328	A Line a Day Must Be Enough!	A Line a Day Must Be Enough! () is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir. It is a portrait of the Faroese poet, painter and performance artist Tóroddur Poulsen (born 1957). He has been referred to as the "black punk poet" of the Faroes, though this epithet is probably too narrow, it is precisely his anarchistic, experimental and subtle approach to poetry as well as life, which characterizes his artistic work. == Synopsis == In a film bursting with lyrics, pictures, and music the director shows us a way into the peculiar universe of Tóroddur, and the otherwise not very talkative artist gives us a glimpse of his thoughts on art, God, life and death. == References == == External links == * Blue Bird Film, website of filmmaker Katrin Ottarsdóttir * Category:2008 documentary films Category:2008 films Category:Danish documentary films Category:Faroese documentary films Category:Faroese-language films Category:Films directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir
2393925	A Certain Smile	A Certain Smile was originally published in French as Un certain sourire by the Paris publisher Juillard in 1956.World Cat It was the second novel by Françoise Sagan and was written in two months. Two translations into English then followed in 1956. That by Anne Green was published by E.P. Dutton in New YorkWorld Cat and that by Irene Ash was published by John Murray in London,World Cat followed in the same year by a Penguin Books paperback edition.Goodreads bibliography The story is related by a Parisian student who has an experimental love affair with a much older man. ==Plot== Dominique is a sophisticated twenty-year-old law student at the Sorbonne in mid-1950s Paris who is introduced by her lover Bertrand to his uncle and aunt, the worldly businessman Luc and his wife Françoise. Both Luc and Dominique are aware of their mutual attraction from the beginning, but Dominique holds off for fear of hurting both Bertrand and Françoise. The latter has become close to Dominique, relating to her almost as a mother, buying her presents and using the familiar form tu with her. Tiring of Bertrand, Dominique eventually decides on the experiment of accepting Luc's desire to make love to her and spends two weeks with him in a luxurious hotel in Cannes. Though she had promised herself not to fall in love with Luc, after their sexual separation and return to Paris, Dominique becomes obsessed with the memory of their past happiness and appeals to Luc not to end the affair. But for Luc their relationship had simply been a pleasant adventure and he can only pity Dominique's inexperience. Meanwhile Catherine, a fellow student, has told Bertrand of Dominique's affair and he informs Dominique that he is not prepared to share her affections. Then Pierre, a family friend who had caught sight of Luc and Dominique together in Cannes, tells Françoise about it out of jealousy, breaking up their friendship. But after some months of misery, while Luc is away in the US on business, Dominique is reconciled with Françoise and accepts the transience of her sexual relationship. "But what of it?" she concludes, "I was a woman, I had loved a man. It was a simple story; there was nothing to make a fuss about." For the future she has the accepting friendship of Alain, another student she has met recently, who is more her intellectual equal. ==Background== Sagan's novella reflects its author and the time when it was written. It is "studiedly young"Kirkus Review, 1 Aug., 1956 and makes its appeal to a young readership under the thrall of the contemporary climate of existentialism (to which reference is made in the course of the story) and its moral ambivalence.Abe Books description Another study notes that the novel's appearance was followed by the even greater challenge to conventional morality in the film Et Dieu Crea La Femme, embodied in its star Brigitte Bardot. The book's amoral stance is that of the well-off middle class to which its author belonged, as conveyed through her deceptively simple narrative style.Sophie Bober, "Lisez "Un certain sourire" pour vous nicher dans l'indolence provocatrice de Françoise Sagan", France Culture, 8 April, 2020 Thus it appeared in French intellectual terms, while the review in Time stated less sympathetically that "Sagan's prose is as disciplined as her characters are not… her novel is a petition in spiritual and emotional bankruptcy."Time, 20 August 1956, quoted at The Complete Review ==Interpretations== The novel's style was satirised by Jean Kerr in Harper's Bazaar in a 1956 parody titled "Toujours Tristesse". The short piece takes its beginning "After reading A Certain Smile by Françoise Sagan" and makes fun of the book's mood of melancholy boredom and amorality. The parody also later appeared in Ms Kerr's collection of essays, Please Don't Eat the Daisies.Please Don’t Eat the Daisies, Google Books, Open Road Media 2019 In 1958 there was a US film adaptation of Sagan's novel but it was only allowed to be made after substantial changes to the story. Sagan disapproved of it publicly and even its director Jean Negulesco has admitted that there is "not much of Sagan" in the film.Michelangelo Capua, Jean Negulesco: The Life and Films, McFarland 2017, p.107 ==References== Category:1956 French novels Category:E. P. Dutton books Category:French romance novels Category:Novels by Françoise Sagan Category:Novels set in Paris
24100878	A Dialogue	A Dialogue is a 1973 collaborative work featuring a multi-topic conversation between writers James Baldwin and Nikki Giovanni. The preface was written by Ida Lewis, the afterword by Orde M. Coombs. It was published by J. B. Lippincott & Co. Category:1973 non-fiction books Category:J. B. Lippincott & Co. books Category:Books by James Baldwin Category:African-American literature Category:Collaborative non-fiction books
242361	A Jackknife to a Swan	A Jackknife to a Swan is the seventh studio album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones. It was released on July 9, 2002, by SideOneDummy Records. It was recorded over a few weeks in February 2002. This album marked the band's return to an indie label, and was the last album released by the group before their four-year hiatus between 2003 and 2007. The album title is a reference to both the elegant Olympic high dive and the death of something beautiful. Dicky Barrett has said in interviews that the title of the album upset his mother greatly, as her maiden name was Swan, as well as her mother's. An earlier version of "The Old School Off The Bright" was originally featured on a promotional EP titled Fabled Barney and The Population given out at the band's Hometown Throwdown in 2002. The promotional version of the album features an alternate version of the song "Seven Ways to Sunday". "Sugar Free" was later featured in the 2006 movie Beerfest. The track "I want My City Back" is a lament about the loss of The Rathskeller, commonly called The Rat, the club in Boston where the Bosstones got their start. ==Release== On March 3, 2002, A Jackknife to a Swan was announced for release in July; it was revealed that the band had signed to SideOneDummy Records. On April 20, 2002, "Mr. Moran" and "Sugar Free" were posted on the label's website. In May and June, the band toured Europe as part of the Deconstruction Tour. A Jackknife to a Swan was made available for streaming the label's website on June 25, 2002, before it was released on July 9, 2002. To promote its release, the band appeared on The Late Late Show and Mohr Sports. On September 26, 2002, a music video for "You Gotta Go!" was posted online. In November and December 2002, the group went on a headlining US tour, with support from Bigwig, Slick Shoes and Simple Plan. On May 21, 2003, the band appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live!. The following month, they embarked on a brief east coast tour with Voodoo Glow Skulls, the Pietasters, and Catch 22. On June 6, the band appeared on 54321. In October, the band went on a short tour of Germany. In December, the band announced they were going on hiatus. ==Reception== The album reached #131 on the Billboard 200, and #9 on the Top Independent Albums. ==Track listing== #"A Jackknife to a Swan" (Barrett, Burton, Gittleman) – 2:48 #"Mr. Moran" (Barrett, Gittleman, Katz) – 3:04 #"You Gotta Go!" (Barrett, Gittleman, Katz) – 2:42 #"Everybody's Better" (Barrett, Gittleman, Rhodes) – 3:41 #"Sugar Free" (Barrett, Gittleman) – 2:44 #"I Want My City Back" (Barrett, Katz) – 3:16 #"Chasing the Sun Away" (Barrett, Burton) – 3:28 #"You Can't Win" (Barrett, Katz) – 3:19 #"The Old School Off the Bright" (Barrett, Gittleman) – 2:26 #"The Punch Line" (Barrett, Katz) – 3:15 #"Go Big" (Barrett, Gittleman) – 2:52 #"Shit Outta Luck" (Gittleman) – 2:57 #"Seven Ways to Sunday" (Barrett, Gittleman, Katz) – 3:58 ==Personnel== *Dicky Barrett – lead vocals, artwork *Lawrence Katz – guitar, backing vocals *Joe Gittleman – bass, backing vocals *Joe Sirois – drums *Tim "Johnny Vegas" Burton – saxophone *Roman Fleysher – saxophone *Chris Rhodes – trombone *Ben Carr – Bosstone, vocals *Mike Denneen – keyboards, backing vocals *Rolf Langsjoen – trumpet *Jim Fitting – harmonica, backing vocals *Tanya Michelle – backing vocals *John Seymour – backing vocals, producer, mixing, engineer *Matt Tahaney – assistant engineer *Jon Pebsworth – production coordination *Carl Plaster – drum technician *Andrew Lenoski – graphic design *Christian Clayton – cover art *Josh Dalsimer – photography ==References== Category:2002 albums Category:The Mighty Mighty Bosstones albums Category:SideOneDummy Records albums
24245696	A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World	A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World is a work by Christian theologian, reformer, author, and pastor Jonathan Edwards (1703–1758) that was started in the mid-1750s but not finally published until 1765, several years following Edwards' death. This dissertation was published concurrently with The Nature of True Virtue. The two works have much in common, specifically the assertion that God's aim in creating the world was not human happiness, but his own glory. ==Synopsis== Edwards argues against contemporaries who claimed that human happiness was the end for which God created the world. Edwards instead puts forth the idea that the reason for God's creation of the world was not human happiness, but the magnification of his own glory and name. Edwards then argues that since true happiness comes from God alone, human happiness is an extension of God's glory. Indeed, Edwards maintains, all God's "ultimate" ends and "chief" ends serve to magnify his glory as well. As in Virtue, Edwards discusses the claim that there is no true happiness unless it is happiness in God. ==History and impact== Modern day evangelicals such as John Piper still use Edwards' works today in their own congregations. In his book God's Passion for His Glory, which includes the complete text of The End for Which God Created the World as the second half of the book, Piper argues that the longer he lives "the more clearly I see my dependence on those who have gone before," that "Edwards's relentless God- centeredness and devotion to the Biblical contours of doctrine are profoundly needed in our day," and that Edwards is in "a class by himself in American history, perhaps in the history of Christendom." ==See also== *The Nature of True Virtue *Religious Affections ==Notes== ==External links== *Complete text Category:1765 non-fiction books Category:18th-century Christian texts Category:Calvinist texts Category:Christian theology books Category:Books published posthumously Category:American Enlightenment Category:Works by Jonathan Edwards (theologian) Category:God in culture Category:Happiness
24569183	A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve	A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve (, ) is a 1981 Latvian TV-film, a comedy directed by Jānis Streičs. Movie was produced by Riga Film Studio. The film was awarded the Latvian National Film Prize Lielais Kristaps in 1981.Lielajam Kristapam - 50! The film is included into Latvian Culture Canon, and voted all-time best Latvian film in popular vote.Film "A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve", 1981, by Director Jānis Streičs (1936). Latvian Culture Canon It is shown every year on TV prior to the summer solstice festival of Jāņi, which is a national holiday in Latvia. The movie is about the struggle of two related families for the eighty-year-old aunt's inheritance through comic and romantic events. == Plot == The movie begins when old auntie Mirta (Mirta Saknīte) succeeds in a lottery and wins a car which every Soviet citizen longs for – a Zhiguli car. Because of her old age, she cannot use the car herself. And when the word spreads out about her luck, different family members all of a sudden come to her countryside house to 'be helpful' in favour to get the car after aunt's death. Mirta's nephew Ēriks with his wife Dagnija and their son Uģis decided to give up their holiday to Carpathian Mountains just to lay their hands on aunties' legacy. Not only Mirta's nephew decided to surprise her with his arrival but her ex-daughter- in-law Olita together with her new family including her new husband Viktors and their offspring Lāsma. The funny rivalry between two sides of the family, foolish jealousy of the near living peasants' family, who had always non- selfishly been there for auntie Mirta, is a caricature of greasy human nature. This is a slight humor of the Soviet life details as well. But aunt Mirta isn't a fool, she is still young in her heart until her very last breath, which also can be seen in her last will - to whom she left her car to, a Limousine The Colour Of Midsummer's Eve. ==Family members== *Aunt Mirta (Mirta Saknīte) — Lilita Bērziņa === Tūteri family === *Dagnija — Olga Dreģe *Ēriks — Uldis Dumpis *Uģis — Gundars Āboliņš === Sprēsliņi family === *Olita — Baiba Indriksone *Viktors — Boļeslavs Ružs *Lāsma — Diāna Zande == Awards == A Limousine the Colour of Midsummer's Eve in 1981 was named as the best full- length movie that year by Latvian National Movie Festival "Lielais Kristaps". The movie was also included into Latvian Culture Canon. == Reconstruction == In 2008, the movie was restored from what it originally looked like. All the technical failures that occurred during the filming were improved, including the soundtrack of the film and colours were added where necessary. Also, more detailed information about the main heroine of the movie (Lilita Bērziņa) was included into the DVD. == Cast == * Lilita Bērziņa ..... Aunt Mirta * Olga Dreģe ..... Dagnija Tūtere * Uldis Dumpis ..... Ēriks Tūters * Gundars Āboliņš ..... Uģis Tūters * Romualds Ancāns ..... Jāzeps Gilučs * Baiba Indriksone ..... Olita Sprēsliņa * Boļeslavs Ružs ..... Viktors Sprēsliņš * Diāna Zande ..... Lāsma Sprēsliņa * Ēvalds Valters ..... Pigalu Prīdis * Līga Liepiņa ..... Veronika Giluča ==References== ==External links== * Category:Latvian comedy films Category:Soviet comedy films Category:1981 films Category:Soviet- era Latvian films Category:Riga Film Studio films
24714158	A Beast With Two Backs	A Beast With Two Backs is a television play by Dennis Potter, first broadcast on BBC1 on 20 November 1968Radio Times looks at 14 years of distinguished contributions to BBCtv Drama, Radio Times, 27 January-2 February 1979. as part of The Wednesday Play strand. The play is a fictional account of an event that happened in the Forest of Dean in the 1890s when four Frenchmen came over the border from Gloucester with dancing bears, who were subsequently killed by miners coming off the late shift in retaliation for an unrelated attack on a young local girl. ==Synopsis== In the 1890s, Joe - a travelling Italian showman - and his dancing bear Gina make their way over the border from Gloucester to the Forest of Dean; hungry and penniless from their poor reception in the last town, Joe hopes to drum up more business. As they make their way to Berry Hill, a group of schoolchildren racially abuse Joe. After Joe threatens to set Gina on them, the children disperse. Watching from the undergrowth are miner Mickey Teague and his mistress Rebecca. Mickey is reluctant to leave his wife to be with Rebecca, but Rebecca is pregnant and threatens to reveal him as her unborn child's father unless he comply with her wishes. As she rushes towards the town, Mickey brains Rebecca with a rock and leaves her to die in the woods. In Berry Hill, the townsfolk enjoy the revelry of a Sunday afternoon at the local tavern. Amongst them is Rufus, the village 'simpleton', who once again is dancing on tables to the amusement and goading of the villagers. The local preacher Ebeneezer, Rufus' guardian, arrives and removes him. Rufus is beaten severely by Ebeneezer, and flees into the woods where he discovers Rebecca. Ebeneezer follows and upon seeing Rebecca's body assumes Rufus has attempted to kill her. As Rebecca is still alive, the preacher fears that she will implicate Rufus and kills her. Later that day, Joe and Gina arrive in Berry Hill and entertain the townsfolk. False rumours are circulating that Gina had mauled one of the schoolchildren the pair had encountered on their arrival over the border. The townsfolk pelt Joe and Gina with stones and force them to flee the village. Back in the forest, Rebecca's body has been discovered and the local constabulary set to work interviewing the residents of the nearby towns. As the shocked villagers gather together back at the tavern, a desperate Mickey convinces the townsfolk that the bear was responsible. The townsfolk gather at the chapel for evening prayers where a guilt-stricken Ebeneezer delivers a sermon on 'the beast within'. As the preacher calls on the congregation to vanquish the beast in their midst, the villagers choose to see this as a reference to Joe and Gina and a group of miners head off in pursuit of their quarry. Ebeneezer hangs himself and Rufus, upon discovering the body, flees towards the forest. Arriving at the clearing where Joe and Gina have settled down for the evening, the miners throw stones and heavy rocks at the bear before advancing on Gina and beating her to death. Moved by Joe's tears, the men offer him recompense; Joe declines and asks to be left alone with his dead friend. As the miners return to the village they pass a frightened Rufus, and pause to consider his terror. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1968 television plays Category:BBC television dramas Category:Television shows written by Dennis Potter
24772931	A Culture of Conspiracy	A Culture of Conspiracy: Apocalyptic Visions in Contemporary America is a 2003 non-fiction book written by Michael Barkun, professor emeritus of political science at the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs. ==Overview== Along with the Internet playing a key role in introducing individuals to beliefs once consigned to the outermost fringe of American political and religious life, Barkun points to the convergence of two phenomena that influence contemporary American conspiracism: * The rise of "improvisational millennialism" — a belief in an imminent destruction of the world and the creation of a new world as a result of the triumph of good over evil, which is independent from any single religious or secular tradition (e.g., Christian premillennial dispensationalism, etc.) and indiscriminately syncretizes ideas from different traditions (e.g., Western esotericism, Eastern religions, New Age movement, fringe science, radical politics, etc.). * The popularity of "stigmatized knowledge" — claims to the truth that the claimants regard as verified (e.g., climate change denial, location hypotheses of Atlantis, astrology, alchemy, folk medicine, alien abduction, extraterrestrial hypothesis for UFOs, suppressed cancer cures, etc.), despite the marginalization of those claims by the authoritative institutions that conventionally distinguish between knowledge and error (e.g., academia, scientific community, etc.). ==Reviews== Publishers Weekly gave the book a positive review by stating "Scholarly but fluently written and free of excessive jargon, Barkun's exploration of the conspiratorial worldview combines sociological depth with a deadpan appreciation of pop culture and raises serious questions about the replacement of democracy by conspiracy as the dominant paradigm of political action in the public mind." In a February 2004 review, writer and political blogger Daniel Pipes wrote: == See also == * Apocalypticism * Conspiracy theories in United States politics * New World Order (conspiracy theory) Books: * The Paranoid Style in American Politics * Among the Truthers ==References== == External links == *University of California Press: ::Chapter 5: *Google Books: *Amazon.com: Hardcover , Paperback *C-SPAN Video Library: Reviews *Pipes, Daniel. [Michael Barkun on Old Conspiracies, New Beliefs]. The New York Sun (13 January 2004). Retrieved on 2011-07-12 *Boyer, Paul S. The Strange World of Conspiracy Theories. The Christian Century (27 July 2004). Retrieved on 2011-07-12 *Pratt, Ray. Review. The Montana Professor (Spring 2005). Retrieved on 2011-07-12 *Daschkea, Dereck. A Review of. Terrorism and Political Violence. Volume 18, Issue 4 (2006). Retrieved on 2011-07-12 Category:2003 non-fiction books Category:American non-fiction books Category:Apocalypticism Category:Books about conspiracy theories Category:Millenarianism Category:University of California Press books Category:Books about the far right Category:Conspiracy theories in the United States
248601	A Hard Day's Night (film)	A Hard Day's Night is a 1964 musical comedy film directed by Richard Lester and starring the English rock band the Beatles—John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr—during the height of Beatlemania. It was written by Alun Owen and originally released by United Artists. The film portrays 36 hours in the lives of the group as they prepare for a television performance. The film was a financial and critical success and was nominated for two Academy Awards including Best Original Screenplay. Forty years after its release, Time magazine rated it as one of the 100 all-time great films. In 1997, British critic Leslie Halliwell described it as a "comic fantasia with music; an enormous commercial success with the director trying every cinematic gag in the book" and awarded it a full four stars. The film is credited as being one of the most influential of all musical films, inspiring numerous spy films, the Monkees' television show and pop music videos, and various other low-budget musical film vehicles starring British pop groups, such as the Gerry and the Pacemakers film Ferry Cross the Mersey and John Boorman's vehicle for The Dave Clark Five, Catch Us If You Can. In 1999, the British Film Institute ranked it the 88th greatest British film of the 20th century.British Film Institute - Top 100 British Films (1999). Retrieved 27 October 2017 == Plot == The Beatles evade a horde of fans while boarding a train for London to film a televised concert. En route, they meet Paul McCartney's trouble-making grandfather for the first time. The band play cards and entertain some schoolgirls before arriving at the London station, where they are quickly driven to a hotel and begin to feel confined. Their manager Norm tasks them with answering all their fan mail, but they sneak out to party, only to be caught by Norm and taken back. They then find out that Paul's grandfather went to a gambling club using an invitation sent to Ringo, and they bring him back to the hotel. The next day, the Beatles arrive at a TV studio for a performance. After the initial rehearsal, the producer assumes bad faith in them due to something Paul's grandfather said. After a mundane press conference, they leave through a fire escape and cavort in a field until forced off by the owner. Back in the studio, they are separated when a woman named Millie recognizes John Lennon but cannot recall who he is. George Harrison is lured into a trendmonger's office to audition for an advertisement with a popular model. The band return to rehearse a second song and, after a quick trip to makeup, smoothly go through a third and earn a break. An hour before the final run-through, Ringo Starr is forced to chaperone Paul's grandfather and takes him to the canteen for tea while he reads a book. The grandfather manipulates Ringo into going outside to experience life rather than reading books, passing a surprised John and Paul on the way out. He tries to have a quiet drink in a pub, takes pictures, walks alongside the river and rides a bicycle along a railway station platform. After nearly injuring a parrot and accidentally causing a woman to fall into a newly dug hole, Ringo is apprehended by a policeman as a troublemaker, and shortly after he is joined by Paul's grandfather who had been attempting to sell Beatles photos with forged signatures. The grandfather runs back to the studio and tells the others about Ringo. Norm sends John, Paul and George to retrieve him. While doing so, the boys wind up in a Keystone Cops-style foot chase before arriving back at the studio, with Ringo, with only minutes to spare before airtime. The televised concert goes on as planned, after which the Beatles are whisked away to another performance via helicopter. == Cast == * John Lennon as himself * Paul McCartney as himself * George Harrison as himself * Ringo Starr as himself * Wilfrid Brambell as John McCartney, Paul's grandfather * Norman Rossington as Norm, the Beatles' manager * John Junkin as Shake, the Beatles' road manager * Victor Spinetti as the TV director * Anna Quayle as Millie * Deryck Guyler as police sergeant * Richard Vernon as Johnson, the gentleman on the train * Edward Malin as the hotel waiter * Robin Ray as the TV floor manager * Lionel Blair as the TV choreographer * Alison Seebohm as Dolly, Simon Marshall's secretary * David Janson (as David Jaxon) as Charley, a young boy Ringo encounters Uncredited: * Kenneth Haigh as Simon Marshall * Julian Holloway as Adrian, Simon's assistant * John Bluthal as a car thief * Michael Trubshawe as the casino manager * Margaret Nolan as the buxom girl at the casino * Pattie Boyd as Jean, a blonde schoolgirl on the train * Prudence Bury as Rita, a brunette schoolgirl on the train * Jeremy Lloyd as a nightclub dancer * Charlotte Rampling as a nightclub dancer * Phil Collins as a schoolboy watching the Beatles' TV performance * Marianne Stone as Society Reporter at theatre * Derek Nimmo as Leslie Jackson, the magician * Terry Hooper as casino croupier == Songs == The film's credits incorrectly state that all songs are composed by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. In the film, a portion of "Don't Bother Me" can be heard which is a George Harrison composition. The instrumentals are recorded by the George Martin Orchestra. * "A Hard Day's Night" (opening credits) * "I Should Have Known Better" * "I Wanna Be Your Man" (sample) * "Don't Bother Me" (Harrison) (sample) * "All My Loving" (sample) * "If I Fell" * "Can't Buy Me Love" * "And I Love Her" * "I'm Happy Just to Dance with You" * "Ringo's Theme (This Boy)" (instrumental) * "A Hard Day's Night" (sample, instrumental) * "Can't Buy Me Love" (reprise) * "Tell Me Why" * "If I Fell" (reprise) * "I Should Have Known Better" (reprise) * "She Loves You" * "A Hard Day's Night" (reprise; closing credits) In addition to the soundtrack album, an EP (in mono) of songs from the film titled Extracts From The Film A Hard Day's Night was released by Parlophone on 6 November 1964, having the following tracks: * Side A # "I Should Have Known Better" # "If I Fell" * Side B # "Tell Me Why" # "And I Love Her" === Song notes === * "I'll Cry Instead" was among several songs considered for the film but ultimately not included either as an on-camera performance or for usage as an audio-only track. It was to be used during the "escape/fire escape" sequence of the film, but ultimately director Richard Lester vetoed it because of its downbeat lyrics and it was replaced for that scene by "Can't Buy Me Love". Its status as an early contender for inclusion led to the song being included on the US soundtrack album. * In the 1982 US theatrical reissue of the film by Universal Pictures, under licence from Walter Shenson, the song "I'll Cry Instead" was used as the audio track for a prologue sequence to the film which consisted of stills from the film and publicity photographs as a tribute to Lennon consisting of a "Swingin'" early to mid-1960s-style collage of photos of the Beatles in 1964 around the time they were shooting the film. The prologue was assembled without the involvement or knowledge of the film's director Richard Lester, who subsequently expressed his disapproval of the addition. The prologue was not included on the 2000 restoration of the film. * The song "You Can't Do That" was filmed as part of the film's TV concert sequence but was not included in the final cut of the film. At a point before a decision had been made to excise the song from the film, footage of that performance had been sent by the filmmakers and Brian Epstein to be aired on The Ed Sullivan Show as a tease to promote the forthcoming release of the film. The clip aired on the Sullivan show on Sunday, 24 May 1964 in conjunction with an interview with The Beatles specially filmed by Sullivan in London. An extract of the footage of the song performance was included in the 1994 documentary The Making of "A Hard Day's Night". * The song "I Call Your Name" was cut from the film for unknown reasons. == Screenplay == The screenplay was written by Alun Owen, who was chosen because the Beatles were familiar with his play No Trams to Lime Street, and he had shown an aptitude for Liverpudlian dialogue. McCartney commented, "Alun hung around with us and was careful to try and put words in our mouths that he might've heard us speak, so I thought he did a very good script." Owen spent several days with the group, who told him their lives were like "a train and a room and a car and a room and a room and a room"; the character of Paul's grandfather refers to this in the dialogue. Owen wrote the script from the viewpoint that the Beatles had become prisoners of their own fame, their schedule of performances and studio work having become punishing. The script comments cheekily on the Beatles' fame. For instance, at one point a fan, played by Anna Quayle, apparently recognises John Lennon, though she does not actually mention Lennon's name, saying only "you are...". He demurs, saying his face is not quite right for "him", initiating a surreal dialogue ending with the fan, after she puts on her glasses, agreeing that Lennon doesn't "look like him at all", and Lennon saying to himself that "she looks more like him than I do". Other dialogue is derived from actual interviews with the Beatles. When Ringo is asked if he's a mod or a rocker, he replies: "Uh, no, I'm a mocker", a line derived from a joke he made on the TV show Ready Steady Go! In the original interview Ringo admits he borrowed the line from John. The frequent reference to McCartney's grandfather (Wilfrid Brambell) as a "clean old man" sets up a contrast with the stock description of Brambell's character, Albert Steptoe in Steptoe and Son, as a "dirty old man". Audiences also responded to the Beatles' brash social impudence. Director Richard Lester said, "The general aim of the film was to present what was apparently becoming a social phenomenon in this country. Anarchy is too strong a word, but the quality of confidence that the boys exuded! Confidence that they could dress as they liked, speak as they liked, talk to the Queen as they liked, talk to the people on the train who 'fought the war for them' as they liked. ... [Everything was] still based on privilege—privilege by schooling, privilege by birth, privilege by accent, privilege by speech. The Beatles were the first people to attack this... they said if you want something, do it. You can do it. Forget all this talk about talent or ability or money or speech. Just do it." Despite the fact that the original working titles of the film were first The Beatles and then Beatlemania, the group's name is never spoken in the film. == Production == The film was shot for United Artists (UA) using a cinéma vérité style in black-and-white. The film was meant to be released in July 1964, and since it was already March when Lester got to filming, the entire film had to be produced over a period of sixteen weeks. It had a low budget for its time of £200,000 ($500,000) () and filming was finished in under seven weeks, leaving the rest of the time for post-production. At first, the film itself was something of a secondary consideration to UA, whose primary interest was in being able to release the soundtrack album in the United States before Capitol Records (the American EMI affiliate who had first shot at releasing Beatles music in the States) got around to issuing their material; in the words of Bud Ornstein, the European head of production for United Artists: "Our record division wants to get the soundtrack album to distribute in the States, and what we lose on the film we'll get back on this disc." As film historian Stephen Glynn put it, A Hard Day's Night was intended as "a low-budget exploitation film to milk the latest brief musical craze for all it was worth." Unlike most productions, it was filmed in near sequential order, as stated by Lennon in 1964.The Beatles, The Beatles Anthology (San Francisco: Chronicle Books, LCC, 2000, ), p. 267 Filming began on 2 March 1964 at Marylebone station in London (sometimes misidentified as Paddington). The Beatles had joined the actors' union, Equity, only that morning. The first week of filming was on a train travelling between London and Minehead. On 10 March, scenes with Ringo were shot at the Turk's Head pub in Twickenham, and over the following week various interior scenes were filmed at Twickenham Studios. From 23 to 30 March, filming moved to the Scala Theatre, and on 31 March, concert footage was shot there, although the group mimed to backing tracks. On the 17 March and the 17 April scenes were shot at the Les Ambassadeurs Club in Mayfair. The "Can't Buy Me Love" segment, which featured creative camera work and the band running and jumping around in a field was shot on 23 April 1964 at Thornbury Playing Fields, Isleworth, West London. The final scene was filmed the following day in West Ealing, London, where Ringo obligingly drops his coat over puddles for a lady to step on, only to discover that the final puddle is actually a large hole in the road.Mark Lewisohn, The Complete Beatles Chronicle (London: Pyramid Books, Hamlyn, 1992, ), p. 158 Before A Hard Day's Night was released in America, a United Artists executive asked Lester to dub the voices of the group with mid-Atlantic accents. McCartney angrily replied, "Look, if we can understand a fucking cowboy talking Texan, they can understand us talking Liverpool." Lester subsequently directed the Beatles' 1965 film, Help! The film's costumes—except for those of the Beatles themselves—were designed by Julie Harris. The clothes of the Beatles were credited to Dougie Millings & Son. === Casting === Irish actor Wilfrid Brambell, who played Paul McCartney's fictional grandfather John McCartney, was already well known to British television audiences as co-star of the British sitcom Steptoe and Son. The recurring joke that he was very "clean" reflects a contrast to his sitcom role, where he was always referred to as a "dirty old man". For American audiences the comment was more of a spoof on the Beatles continually being referenced as "very clean". Norman Rossington played the Beatles' manager Norm, John Junkin played the group's road manager Shake, and Victor Spinetti played the television director. Brian Epstein, the group's real manager, had an uncredited bit part. The supporting cast included Richard Vernon as the "city gent" on the train and Lionel Blair as a featured dancer. There were also various cameos. John Bluthal played a car thief and an uncredited Derek Nimmo appeared as magician Leslie Jackson. David Janson (billed as David Jaxon here) played the small boy met by Ringo on his "walkabout". Rooney Massara, who went on to compete in the 1972 Munich Olympics, was the sculler in the river in the "walkabout" scene by the river at Kew (uncredited). Kenneth Haigh appeared as an advertising executive who mistakes George for a "new phenomenon". David Langton also made a cameo appearance as an actor in the dressing room scene. Mal Evans, one of the Beatles' road managers, also appears briefly in the film—moving an upright bass through a tight hallway as Lennon talks with the woman who mistakes him for someone else. George Harrison met his wife-to-be, Patricia Boyd, on the set when she made a brief (uncredited) appearance as one of the schoolgirls on the train. His initial overtures to her were spurned because she had a boyfriend at the time, but he persisted and they were married within 18 months. The girl with Boyd in the dining car scene is Prudence Bury. Phil Collins, later a member of the band Genesis, was an uncredited schoolboy extra in the concert audience and would subsequently go on to be a very successful musician in his own right. Playing the buxom woman with Paul's grandfather in the casino scene was popular British 1960s pinup model Margaret Nolan (aka Vicky Kennedy), who also appeared as "Dink", the golden girl during the opening credits of the James Bond film Goldfinger, later that same year. === Cut for BBFC === The film had to be edited slightly to obtain the U certificate for British cinemas. The phrase "get knotted" (allegedly in reel 7 of the original submission) was judged inappropriate for a U film and had to be removed. When the film was submitted for release on VHS, the British Board of Film Censors (BBFC) could not locate the phrase and presumed that the clip was "pre-cut", but stated that the phrase was no longer of any concern. The BBFC noted a number of innuendos and one subtle reference to cocaine, but concluded that it was still within the "natural category" for a U certificate. == Reception == The film premiered at the Pavilion Theatre in London on 6 July 1964—the eve of Ringo Starr's 24th birthday—and the soundtrack was released four days later. A Hard Day's Night set records at the London Pavilion by grossing over $20,000 in the first week, ultimately becoming so popular that more than 1,600 prints were in circulation simultaneously. === Critical response === Reviews of the film were mostly positive; one oft-quoted assessment was provided by Andrew Sarris of The Village Voice, labeling A Hard Day's Night "the Citizen Kane of jukebox musicals." When The Village Voice published the results of its first annual film poll, A Hard Day's Night placed second behind Stanley Kubrick's Dr. Strangelove. On Rotten Tomatoes the film holds an approval rating of 98% based on 113 reviews, with an average rating of 8.5/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "A Hard Day's Night, despite its age, is still a delight to watch and has proven itself to be a rock-and- roll movie classic." It is number four on Rotten Tomatoes' list of the Top Ten Musicals and Performing Arts films. On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 96 out of 100, based on 24 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". Time magazine called the film "One of the smoothest, freshest, funniest films ever made for purposes of exploitation." Film critic Roger Ebert described the film as "one of the great life-affirming landmarks of the movies", and added it to his list of The Great Movies. In 2004, Total Film magazine named A Hard Day's Night the 42nd greatest British film of all time. In 2005, Time.com named it one of the 100 best films of the last 80 years. Leslie Halliwell gave the film his highest rating, four stars, the only British film of 1964 to achieve that accolade. The New York Times film critic Bosley Crowther noted the film was a subtle satire on Beatlemania and the Beatles themselves. The Beatles are portrayed as likeable young lads who are constantly amazed at the attention they receive and who want nothing more than a little peace and quiet; however, they have to deal with screaming crowds, journalists who ask nonsensical questions, and authority figures who constantly look down upon them. In fact, their biggest problem is McCartney's elderly, but "clean" grandfather, played by Wilfrid Brambell. The New Yorker critic Brendan Gill wrote: "Though I don't pretend to understand what makes these four rather odd- looking boys so fascinating to so many scores of millions of people, I admit that I feel a certain mindless joy stealing over me as they caper about uttering sounds." A Hard Day's Night was nominated for two Academy Awards: for Best Screenplay (Alun Owen), and Best Score (Adaptation) (George Martin). By 1971, the film was estimated to have earned $11 million worldwide (). == Influence == British critic Leslie Halliwell states the film's influence as "it led directly to all the kaleidoscopic swinging London spy thrillers and comedies of the later sixties". In particular, the visuals and storyline are credited with inspiring The Monkees' television series. The "Can't Buy Me Love" segment borrowed stylistically from Richard Lester's earlier The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film, and it is this segment, in particular using the contemporary technique of cutting the images to the beat of the music, which has been cited as a precursor of modern music videos. Roger Ebert goes even further, crediting Lester for a more pervasive influence, even constructing "a new grammar": "he influenced many other films. Today when we watch TV and see quick cutting, hand-held cameras, interviews conducted on the run with moving targets, quickly intercut snatches of dialogue, music under documentary action and all the other trademarks of the modern style, we are looking at the children of A Hard Day's Night". Film theorist James Monroe writes, "The lively 1960s films of Richard Lester—especially his Musicals A Hard Day's Night (1964), Help! (1965), and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum (1966)—popularized jump cuts, rapid and 'ungrammatical' cutting. Over time, his brash editorial style became a norm, now celebrated every night around the world in hundreds of music videos on MTV and in countless commercials." A Hard Day's Night also inspired a 1965 film featuring Gerry and the Pacemakers, entitled Ferry Cross the Mersey. In an interview for the DVD re-release of A Hard Day's Night, Lester said he had been labelled the father of MTV and had jokingly responded by asking for a paternity test. == Title == The film's title originated from something said by Ringo Starr, who described it this way in an interview with disc jockey Dave Hull in 1964: "We went to do a job, and we'd worked all day and we happened to work all night. I came up still thinking it was day I suppose, and I said, 'It's been a hard day ...' and I looked around and saw it was dark so I said, '... night!' So we came to A Hard Day's Night." According to Lennon in a 1980 interview with Playboy magazine: "I was going home in the car, and Dick Lester suggested the title, 'Hard Day's Night' from something Ringo had said. I had used it in In His Own Write, but it was an off-the-cuff remark by Ringo. You know, one of those malapropisms. A Ringo-ism, where he said it not to be funny... just said it. So Dick Lester said, 'We are going to use that title.'"cited in In a 1994 interview for The Beatles Anthology, however, McCartney disagreed with Lennon's recollections, recalling that it was the Beatles, and not Lester, who had come up with the idea of using Starr's verbal misstep: "The title was Ringo's. We'd almost finished making the film, and this fun bit arrived that we'd not known about before, which was naming the film. So we were sitting around at Twickenham studios having a little brain-storming session ... and we said, 'Well, there was something Ringo said the other day.' Ringo would do these little malapropisms, he would say things slightly wrong, like people do, but his were always wonderful, very lyrical ... they were sort of magic even though he was just getting it wrong. And he said after a concert, 'Phew, it's been a hard day's night.'" Yet another version of events appeared in 1996; producer Walter Shenson said that Lennon had described to him some of Starr's funnier gaffes, including "a hard day's night", whereupon Shenson immediately decided that that was going to be the title of the film. Regardless of which of these origin stories is the true one, the original tentative title for the film had been "Beatlemania" and when the new title was agreed upon, it became necessary to write and quickly record a new title song, which was completed on 16 April, just eight days before filming was finished. John Lennon wrote the song in one night, (credited to Lennon-McCartney) writing the lyrics on the back of a birthday card sent to his young son Julian, and it went on to win a Grammy for Best Performance by a Vocal Group. The film was titled Yeah Yeah Yeah in Germany and Sweden, Tutti Per Uno (All for One) in Italy, Quatre garçons dans le vent (Four Boys in the Wind) in France Yeah! Yeah! Tässä tulemme! (Yeah! Yeah! Here We Come!) in Finland and Os Reis do Iê-Iê-Iê (The Kings of Yeah- yeah-yeah) in Brazil. == Novelisation == In 1964, Pan Books published a novelisation of the film by author John Burke, described as "based on the original screenplay by Alun Owen". The book was priced at two shillings and sixpence and contained an 8-page section of photographs from the film. It is the first book in the English language to have the word 'grotty' in print. == Release history == * 1964: A Hard Day's Night was released by United Artists. * 1967: The film premiered on American television on the NBC network on 24 October; the usual Peacock introduction, which preceded all NBC color broadcasts of the era, was replaced by a humorous black-and-white animated cartoon penguin, with cartoon representations of the Beatles jumping out of its stomach, as A Hard Day's Night was not shot in color; via YouTube (intro to A Hard Day's Night begins at 3:13) * 1970: The film premiered on UK television on BBC1 on 28 December. John Lennon watched the broadcast at home and was inspired to write the song "I'm the Greatest", which was later recorded by Ringo Starr on his 1973 album Ringo. * 1979: Rights to the film were transferred to its producer, Walter Shenson; * 1982: Universal Pictures, under license from Shenson, reissued the film in theaters. This release included a prologue consisting of production stills set to the song "I'll Cry Instead", which would remain on subsequent home video editions until 2000; * 1984: MPI Home Video, under license from Shenson, first released A Hard Day's Night on home video in the VHS, Betamax, CED Videodisc, and Laserdisc formats, which all included the prologue. ** The film was also released by Janus Films as part of The Criterion Collection in both a single-disc CLV and a DualDisc CAV Laserdisc format. The additional features section on the CAV edition include the original theatrical trailer, an interview with Richard Lester, and his The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film. ** There were notable pitch problems with the songs in this version, precisely one semitone lower than the original recordings. This was fixed in subsequent releases. * 1993: Voyager Company produced a CD-ROM for Mac and PC platforms with video in QuickTime 1 format, containing most of Criterion's elements, including the original script. * 1997: MPI Home Video released the first DVD edition. It contains the 1982 prologue and trailer, newsreels, an interview with Richard Lester, and The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film. * 2000: Miramax Films reissued the film in theatres in the United States and then as a collector's edition DVD two years later, as well as its final issue in the VHS format. The film had been transferred from the restored 35 mm negative and presented in 1.66:1 Widescreen. The prologue that Universal added in 1982 is absent on the Miramax releases. ** In addition to the original film, the DVD edition contained a bonus disc with over 7 hours of additional material including interviews with cast and crew members and Beatles associates. The DVD was produced by Beatles historian and producer Martin Lewis, a longtime friend of Walter Shenson. * 2009: The film was released on Blu-ray Disc in Canada; however, the disc is region free and will play in any Blu-ray machine. It contains most of the 2000 DVD bonus features. * 2010: Miramax was sold by Disney to Filmyard Holdings, LLC, and the home video sub-licence transferred to Lionsgate, although no U.S. Blu-ray release date had been announced. * 2011: A new Blu-ray edition was released in Mexico, this version has Spanish subtitles. * 2014: Janus Films acquired the rights to the film from Miramax (on behalf of the Shenson Estate, managed by Bruce A. Karsh) and announced a domestic video re-release via The Criterion Collection on 24 June 2014. This dual-format edition (which incorporates the first ever U.S. issue on Blu-ray) contains various supplements from all previous video re-issues. This marks the return of this film to Criterion for the first time in two decades. The film was also released in theaters across the U.S. and in the UK (by Metrodome in the latter region) on 4 July 2014. On 6 July 2014, the film was shown in re-mastered HD on BBC Four in the UK to mark its 50th anniversary. Criterion's DVD/Blu-ray release of A Hard Day's Night was duplicated by Umbrella Entertainment in Australia (released 2 July) and Second Sight Films in the UK (released 21 July). * 2015: On 15 December, Criterion re-released their Blu-ray as part of The Rock Box, a collection of rock music-related films that also includes Monterey Pop (1968), Gimme Shelter (1970) and Quadrophenia (1979). * 2022: On 11 August 2021, Criterion announced their first 4K Ultra HD releases, a six- film slate, will include A Hard Day's Night. Criterion indicate each title will be available in a 4K UHD+Blu-ray combo pack including a 4K UHD disc of the feature film as well as the film and special features on the companion Blu-ray. A Hard's Day Night was released on 18 January 2022. === 40th anniversary cast and crew reunion screening === On 6 July 2004, the 40th anniversary of the film's world premiere, a private cast and crew reunion screening was hosted in London by DVD producer Martin Lewis. The screening was attended by McCartney, actors Victor Spinetti, John Junkin, David Janson and many crew members. In media interviews at the event, McCartney disclosed that while he had seen the film many times on video, he had not seen the film on the "big screen" since its 1964 premiere. == See also == * 1964 in film == Notes == == References == == External links == * * * * * * * * Literature on A Hard Day's Night * I Wanna Hold Your Hand: All Perfectly Normal an essay by Scott Tobias at the Criterion Collection Category:1964 films Category:1964 musical comedy films Category:1960s teen films Category:British black-and- white films Category:British musical comedy films Category:1960s English- language films Category:Films about the Beatles Category:Films directed by Richard Lester Category:Films set in London Category:Jukebox musical films Category:Rail transport films Category:British rock music films Category:1964 musical films Category:Films shot in London Category:1960s British films
24954421	A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds	A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds is a guide to the identification of the nests and eggs of Australian birds, authored by Gordon Beruldsen. ==First edition== Published in 1980 by Rigby of Adelaide, South Australia, in its series of field guides to Australian natural history, the book is 190 mm high by 130 mm wide. It consists of three parts; Part One contains general information; Part Two contains separate keys to the identification of nests and eggs, as well as the colour plates that illustrate them; Part Three, comprising three-quarters of the book's contents, contains the individual species descriptions. ==Second edition== A second and revised edition (), with the new title Australian Birds their Nests and Eggs, was produced and issued by the author in 2003 from his home in Kenmore Hills, Brisbane. Its dimensions are 209 mm in height by 147 mm in width. It is a paperback, xvi + 424 pages in length, contains updated information and includes new photographic colour plates of the eggs as well as other additional photographs.Beruldsen (2003). ==References== ===Notes=== ===Sources=== * * Category:1980 non-fiction books Category:2003 non-fiction books Category:Australian bird field guides
24982016	A Little Game (1971 film)	A Little Game is a 1971 ABC Movie of the Week that was first broadcast on October 30, 1971, starring Mark Gruner as a young boy who will do anything to get what he wants. In the movie, the plot suggests that he might be responsible for the death of a fellow student at the military academy he attends, yet his mother (Diane Baker) refuses to believe that he could be guilty of anything. His stepfather (Ed Nelson) begins to wonder if the boy wants to get rid of him. It was based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Fielden Farrington, who also wrote the screenplay. The film was directed by Paul Wendkos, who would film another of Farrington's novels for television the following year (The Strangers in 7A). ==Cast== * Diane Baker as Elaine Hamilton * Ed Nelson as Paul Hamilton * Howard Duff as Dunlap * Katy Jurado as Laura * Mark Gruner as Robert Mueller * Christopher Shea as Stu Parker * Helen Kleeb as Secretary * Jason Fithian as Clubber ==See also== * List of American films of 1971 ==References== ==External links== * Category:ABC Movie of the Week Category:1971 television films Category:1971 films Category:1971 drama films Category:Films directed by Paul Wendkos Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films scored by Robert Prince
25021904	A Familiar Path	A Familiar Path is the third chapter of At War With Self, the music project led by multi-instrumentalist and composer Glenn Snelwar. It is a return to Snelwar’s roots as a musician that maintains the concept of the project changing for each release. The original concept in which Snelwar combined classical guitars into progressive and thrash metal has been re-visited and fully realized with A Familiar Path. The new incarnation of At War With Self features Manfred Dikkers, who joins Snelwar again from the Acts of God sessions on drums and percussion. The tracks on A Familiar Path are “the heaviest, most aggressive and accurate version of what I’ve had in mind for combining metal and progressive influences with classical guitars” says Snelwar. Instrumental tracks such as a hybrid half-classical, half-metal rendition of a Heitor Villa-Lobos guitar study, the Slayer-meets-King Crimson aggression of Concrete and Poison and Diseased State, a new rendering of Reflections originally featured on the debut Gordian Knot disc and the guitar shred of The Ether Trail, are balanced with the vocally-centered title track and Ourselves. A Familiar Path is accompanied with artwork that completes the emotion and intensity inspired by the 42 minutes on the disc. ==Track listing== == Personnel == === Band members === *Glenn Snelwar - electric and acoustic guitars, bass, mandolins, keyboards, e-bow, string arrangements, programming, vocals === Guest musicians === *Manfred Dikkers - drums, percussion *Maggie Snelwar – backing vocals ==References== * ==External links== *Glenn Snelwar's official website *Sluggo's Goon Music Category:2009 albums Category:At War with Self albums
25027416	A Call to Us All	thumb|200px|right|A Call to Us All - Album Reverse A Call to Us All is the fourth album from singer, songwriter, producer and composer Teri DeSario. It was recorded and mixed at Mama Jo's and mastered by Bernie Grundman at A&M; Records. According to AllMusic, A Call to Us All peaked at 32 on Billboards Top Contemporary Christian music chart in 1984.[ All Music - courtesy of Billboard, all rights reserved]. ==Track listing== == Personnel == Source:All Information retrieved from Album Cover, reverse or inner sleeve. *Produced and arranged by – Bill Purse *Engineered and mixed by – Kevin Clark **assisted by – Steve Ford *Additional engineering by – Steve Ford, Ed Cherney and Eddie King *Recorded and mixed at Mama Jo's, N. Hollywood *Strings Recorded at – Baby-O Recorders, Hollywood, CA *Mastered by – Berine Grundman / A&M; Records *Photography by – Harry Langdon *Art Direction and Design by – Paul "Sport" Gross *Inner Sleeve Design – Steve Elowe *Makeup by – Victoria Jackson *Underwater Sequences by – Scotty Scuba *Label – Dayspring, A Division of Word Inc., Waco, Texas ==Dedication== The album was dedicated to her husband and best friend Bill Purse. == References == == External links == * Teri Desario Facebook Site * Teri and KC 'Yes, I’m Ready' video Category:Teri DeSario albums Category:1983 albums
25072437	A Defence of Cosmetics	A Defence of Cosmetics is an essay by caricaturist and parodist Max Beerbohm and published in the first edition of The Yellow Book in April 1894. Aged 21 when the essay was published, it established his reputation. It later appeared in his first book, The Works of Max Beerbohm (1896) as The Pervasion of Rouge. Written while still an undergraduate at Merton College, Oxford, Beerbohm intended that his essay A Peep into the Past, a satire on Oscar Wilde, should be published in the first number of The Yellow Book, but it was held over to make way for another essay, A Defence of Cosmetics, which appeared in that journal in April 1894. A Peep into the Past was possibly withheld because of the impending Wilde scandal. When it was published, A Defence of Cosmetics was singled out for vilification as "decadent", and subsequent issues of The Yellow Book containing his work were condemned by the establishment. Beerbohm contended that the use of make-up by women, and some men, was becoming the norm in the 1890s, and that the mask was becoming more important than the face. His essay claimed that "most women are not as young as they are painted... Cosmetics are not going to be a mere prosaic remedy for age or plainness, but all ladies and girls will come to love them...the season of the unsophisticated is gone by, and the young girl's final extinction beneath the rising tides of cosmetics will leave no gap in life and will rob art of nothing... Artifice, sweetest exile, is come into her kingdom."The Yellow Book April 1894 Sun-tan make-up was being used by "countless gentlemen who walk about town in the time of its desertion from August to October, artificially bronzed, as though they were fresh from the moors or the Solent. This, I conceive, is done for purely social reasons."Alison Gernsheim, Victorian & Edwardian Fashion: A Photographic Survey pg 82The Yellow Book April 1894 The essay, an ironic defence of Decadence, created a sensation when it appeared in 1894. Delighted with the essay, William Rothenstein wrote to Beerbohm, "...all my friends chuckled over your dear cosmetics as they read & reread them. Oscar, solitary exception, was moved to a torrent of tears, so strong was his emotion". To Lord Alfred Douglas, Oscar Wilde wrote: "Max on Cosmetics in the Yellow Book is wonderful: enough style for a large school, and all very precious and thought-out: quite delightfully wrong and fascinating". Wilde, appreciating Beerbohm's wise but ironic manner, commented that "The gods bestowed on Max the gift of perpetual old age".Beerbohm on the 'Mr Oscar Wilde' website ==References== ==External links== *Turning the pages of A Defence of Cosmetics *A Defence of Cosmetics on Victorian Web *Mocking the Victorian Sages: Beerbohm's "A Defence of Cosmetics" Category:1894 essays Category:Works by Max Beerbohm Category:Essays by Max Beerbohm Category:Works originally published in The Yellow Book
25086490	A Foreign Love Affair	is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ayano Yamane. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing, which released the first volume in March 2008, and in Germany by Tokyopop. It was adapted into a two-episode OVA in 2007. ==Plot== A Foreign Love Affair is about Ranmaru, the son of a yakuza mob. He marries his childhood friend yakuza daughter Kaoru-(through an arranged marriage) on an Italian cruise ship. Because they are Japanese, they are the center of attention on the boat. On their wedding night, the couple gets into a fight, and Kaoru kicks him out of their honeymoon suite. Ranmaru goes to the boat's bar and fights with some yakuza. He is assisted by Alberto Valentino, an Italian man who happens to be fluent in Japanese. To show his gratitude, Ranmaru invites Alberto to have a drink with him, which leads to the two of them having sex. The next morning, Ranmaru finds out that Alberto is the ship's captain. ==Characters== ; : :The 3rd generation boss of his family clan. He's just recently entered a marriage of politics and convenience to a woman he's known since childhood. He's stuck on his honeymoon in Italy when he first meets Alberto. While in a confrontation with some foreign men who were cheking him out, he meets Alberto who stops the fight and tells the men about his connections to the ship; after Kaoru kicks him out of their hotel room following a violent fight between them, an embittered Ranmaru goes to the bar where he's encountered by Ryuji and his subordinates who engage in a brawl with him until Alberto intervenes and helps Ranmaru dispatch Ryuji and his men. As a thank you, Alberto invites him to stay in his private suite where Ranmaru and Alberto engage in playful foreplay and have sex together. ; : :A foreigner of Italian descent who meets Ranmaru during the latter's honeymoon; Alberto is shown to be fluent in many different languages including Japanese and English. He's revealed to be the captain of the cruise ship that Ranmaru is staying on. ; : :Ranmaru's childhood friend and wife. ; : ==Reception== Patricia Beard, writing for Mania Entertainment, found Alberto's capture of Ranmaru "sexy and funny", appreciating Yamane's attention to detail in the art. Beard noted there wasn't much character development, but regarded this as being symptomatic of the romantic comedy genre of A Foreign Love Affair. Rachel Bentham, writing for Active Anime, enjoyed the sexy character designs. Leroy Douresseaux, writing for Comic Book Bin described A Foreign Love Affair as "a bawdy comedy ... with intermittent scenes of torrid sex." A reader's poll for About.com for the best yaoi of 2008 ranked A Foreign Love Affair first. Deb Aoki speculated that its popularity could be due to its setting, the characters, and Yamane's character designs and "knack for drawing very hot guys in sizzling situations". ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2004 manga Category:2007 anime OVAs Category:Digital Manga Publishing titles Category:Tokyopop titles Category:Yaoi anime and manga
251385	A Gamut of Games	A Gamut of Games is an innovative book of games written by Sid Sackson and first published in 1969. It contains rules for a large number of paper and pencil, card, and board games. Many of the games in the book had never before been published. It is considered by many hobbyist gamers to be an essential text for anyone interested in abstract strategy games, and a number of the rules were later expanded into full-fledged published board games. Some of the games which were later sold separately include Focus, Property and Origins of World War I; Robert Abbott expanded his game Crossings, published here, into the more-refined title Epaminondas. Many of the games covered in the book were creations of Sid Sackson himself, who was a prolific game designer. ==Book Sections== The sections of the book and the games covered therein are as follows: ===In Search of Big and Little Games=== *Blue and Gray, a board game by Henry Busch and Arthur Jaeger *Hekaton, a card game originally published along with "Yankee Notion Cards" from the 19th century *Le Truc, a revived French card game *Mate, a card game by G. Capellen *Plank, a serious revamp of the concepts in Tic-Tac-Toe *Zetema, a Victorian card game similar to Bezique ===Game Inventors Are People Too=== *Crossings, a board game by Robert Abbott; later turned into Epaminondas *Cups, a mancala variant by Arthur and Wald Amberstone *Knight Chase, a board game by Alex Randolph (inventor of games like TwixT) *Lap, a complex progeny of Battleships by Lech Pijanowski *Lines of Action, a board game by Claude Soucie *Origins of World War I, a historical pencil-and-paper game by Jim Dunnigan which teaches players history *Paks, a playing card game by Phil Laurence *Skedoodle, a pencil-and-paper game by Father Daniel *Three Musketeers, a board game by Haar Hoolim; notably, this game and the character in it was once used as the mascot for the Zillions of Games software product ===Those Protean Pieces of Pasteboard=== All of the games in this section use a standard pack of cards. *All My Diamonds, an auctioning game by Sid Sackson *Bowling Solitaire, a one-player game by Sid Sackson that simulates ten-pin bowling. *Card Baseball, by Sid Sackson *Color Gin, a two-handed modification of Hollywood Gin by Sid Sackson *Osmosis, by Sid Sackson *Patterns, by Sid Sackson *Poke, a two-player multi-genre card game that combines strong elements of Poker with trick-taking games *Slam, a two-handed takeoff of Bridge by Sid Sackson *Suit Yourself, by Sid Sackson ===New Battles on an Old Battlefield=== All of the games in this section use a checkerboard. *Focus, by Sid Sackson; this game was later sold commercially *Network, by Sid Sackson *Take It Away, by Sid Sackson ===Grab a Pencil=== All of the games in this section are meant to be played with pencil and paper. *Cutting Corners, by Sid Sackson; another attempt at a "boredom" game *Hold That Line, by Sid Sackson; an attempt to move "boredom" games away from Tic- Tac-Toe *Last Word, a paper-based Scrabble-esque game by Sid Sackson *Paper Boxing, by Sid Sackson *Patterns II, an inductive-reasoning game by Sid Sackson; see Eleusis for another game in this small genre *Property, later republished as New York, by Sid Sackson ===A Miscellany of Games=== *Change Change, a simple solitaire utilizing coins by Sid Sackson *Domino Bead Game, by Sid Sackson *Haggle, a deliciously confusing party game by Sid Sackson *Solitaire Dice, by Sid Sackson; published commercially under the names Choice, Einstein, and Can't Stop Express *The No Game, a classic and simple party game A second edition of the book was published in 1982; Dover Publications released an unabridged reprint, with an additional preface by Sackson, in 1992. ==Reviews== *Games #36 *Games and Puzzles == References == *Sackson, Sid. A Gamut of Games. ==Notes== Category:1969 books Category:Books about board games
25240519	A Different Story	A Different Story is a 1978 American film directed by Paul Aaron and starring Meg Foster and Perry King. Set in Los Angeles, it tells the story of a gay man (King) and a lesbian (Foster) who become temporary housemates but end up falling in love with each other. == Plot == Albert is the chauffeur and lover for a wealthy pianist, Sills. When Sills finds another chauffeur/lover, Albert is forced onto the streets of Los Angeles. Stella is a real estate agent who knows Sills and Albert as repeated rental clients. She finds Albert squatting in one of her properties and she offers Albert to spend the night at her house on the couch. The next day, she goes to work, expecting Albert to move out, but instead Albert cleans her cluttered house and cooks a fantastic dinner. Without verbally acknowledging it, they agree that Albert can stay longer and perform domestic duties while Stella continues working. Albert also gets a part-time job as a valet. The next night, Stella has a date with Chris. Only when the two of them kiss does Albert realize Stella is a lesbian. Chris spends the night. In the middle of the night, Phyllis, another lover of Stella, storms into the house and finds Stella in bed with Chris. Stella apologizes to Phyllis and they do not break off their relationship. In the meantime, Albert has found a new lover, Roger, that he met at the baths. Though they continue their separate homosexual relationships, Stella and Albert find that they enjoy spending more time with each other than anyone else. Stella's parents visit one day and come under the impression that she and Albert are dating. One day, immigration agents arrive asking for Albert, who is an illegal alien from Belgium. Stella marries him to prevent his deportation. On Albert's birthday, when they are both drunk, they have sex for the first time and enjoy it. From then on, they sleep in the same bed and begin acting like a heterosexual married couple. Stella becomes pregnant and eventually tells Phyllis, who has been distraught about how infrequently she sees Stella. Phyllis becomes suicidal, so Stella and Albert break into her apartment and find her with a gun. She threatens to kill Stella and fires, but the gun is not loaded. Phyllis bursts into tears. Later the baby is born and they move into a new house. Albert begins a job as an apprentice fashion designer and Stella puts her job on hold to raise the baby. Stella becomes jealous that Albert may be having a homosexual affair with his boss, Ned. She sneaks into Albert's workplace late one evening after an office party and finds Albert naked in the shower not with Ned, but with a female model. Stella moves out of their home with the baby and threatens a divorce. Albert tries to apologize numerous times and gives one final try when Stella is showing a property to a client. When she doesn't accept him again, he drives away. She changes her mind, but before she can say anything, he crashes his motorcycle into a tree. She runs over, full of tears, but he is not seriously hurt. == Cast == * Meg Foster as Stella Cooke * Perry King as Albert Walreavens * Valerie Curtin as Phyllis * Peter Donat as Sills * Richard Bull as Mr. Cooke * Barbara Collentine as Mrs. Cooke * Guerin Barry as Ned * Doug Higgins as Roger * Lisa James as Chris * Burke Byrnes as Richard II == Reception == === Film critics === Critical reception varied from mixed to negative, with a general consensus that the forced and formulaic ending countered whatever appeal existed in the first half of the film. Janet Maslin of The New York Times lauded Meg Foster's "aggressive vitality" but ultimately found the movie seriously flawed: "Mr. Aaron's ineptitude knows no bounds, especially when it comes to blasting an insufferable score, ending scenes at uninteresting moments, and making the film's chronology completely obscure."Maslin, Janet (June 14, 1978). "'A Different Story': Caught in Switches". The New York Times. C20. Accessed May 9, 2019. Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film two stars out of four and called it "patronizing," because the film "pretends to like its characters' sexual preferences, but really it snickers at them."Siskel, Gene (July 10, 1978). "'A Different Story' may be worth telling—but this just isn't the way". Chicago Tribune. Section 2, p. 7. Arthur D. Murphy of Variety called it "a first class production whose only — but serious — flaw is a Henry Olek script that begins with brilliant cleverness but dissolves by fadeout into formula banality."Murphy, Arthur D. (April 19, 1978). "Film Reviews: A Different Story". Variety. 26. Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times wrote that "until the sitcom formulations take over at the end, 'A Different Story' derives its humor and its warmth from carefully observed, and very well and sympathetically enacted characters, operating in a milieu which is also carefully but not always sympathetically observed."Champlin, Charles (May 10, 1978). "A Different Tale of Gay Love". Los Angeles Times. Part IV, p. 1. Gary Arnold of The Washington Post called it "a trifle with redeeming personality appeal and a genuinely affectionate temperament. As the supposedly disparate lovers, Perry King and Meg Foster make an overwhelmingly attractive and compatible couple, and their sexual rapport is enhanced by Paul Aaron's attentive, straightforward direction."Arnold, Gary (June 21, 1978). "A Love Story With a Different Twist". The Washington Post. B5. Writing in the Seattle Gay News, Bill Alpert wrote that "it's a real surprise that A Different Story is as rotten a film as it is. This cheap bit of exploitation insults more than it instructs by combining a pointless and underdeveloped plot with an unending selection of homosexual stereotypes I thought were long since consigned to the trash heap ... Particularly offensive is the unbelievable — and undocumented — contention that homosexuality is some sort of adolescent aberration that a drunken roll in the hay will cure."Alpert, Bill (June 23, 1978). "A Different Story: Not so Different". Seattle Gay News. Vol. 5, Issue 12, p. 13. Scott Meek wrote in The Monthly Film Bulletin, "Despite the initial liberal façade with which it presents the central couple's homosexuality, the script remains problematic in its attitudes to homosexuality and heterosexuality, both of which can be seen as unsatisfactory elements in the characters' relationships ... Ultimately, the 'difference' of the story looks like an attempt to be all things (sexually, as it were) to all people, and as such likely to please very few." Time Out Film Guide derides A Different Story as a "glossily persuasive film which presents its 'real' gays as neurotics or gangsters, and offers us so many clichés about role reversal, marriage and pregnancy that it makes An Unmarried Woman look like an intelligent study of divorce."Time Out Film Guide entry on A Different Story. Accessed December 9, 2009. === Gay rights groups === Some gay rights groups protested the stereotyped depiction of homosexuals in the film and their ability to convert to heterosexuality. Gay Activists Alliance circulated a letter speaking out against the film. Gay Left, a journal of gay rights and socialism, criticized A Different Story as another example of the gay films of the late 1970s which presented stereotyped homosexuals. "It often seems that the wider the commercial audience appeal is meant to be, the more objectionable are the gay characters and relationships portrayed. The superficially 'liberal' approach of a film such as A Different Story is ultimately just as negative about gay sexuality."Gay Left . Journal #10, Summer 1980. p.43. Accessed December 9, 2009. Janet Maslin's original review elaborates: "The movie's use of [Albert and Stella's] homosexuality is indeed exploitative, insensitive, and offensive in a variety of ways. Even worse, it is unconvincing ... Albert's homosexuality is nothing but a gimmick, something for the screenplay to coax him out of." == Home media == During its initial ownership by Embassy Pictures, the movie was released on VHS multiple times, first by Magnetic Video in 1979, later from Embassy Home Entertainment in 1985. When its rights shifted to Mar Vista Productions, it made its DVD debut through Trinity Home Entertainment on July 25, 2006. Scorpion Releasing issued a Blu-ray edition in 2018. == See also == * List of lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender-related films == References == === Bibliography === * Hadleigh, Boze. The lavender screen: the gay and lesbian films: their stars, makers, characters, and critics. Secaucus, N.J: Carol Pub. Group; 1993. Chapter 24. == External links == * * Category:1978 films Category:1978 drama films Category:1978 LGBT-related films Category:American drama films Category:American LGBT-related films Category:1970s English-language films Category:Bisexuality-related films Category:Gay-related films Category:Lesbian-related films Category:LGBT-related drama films Category:Films set in Los Angeles Category:Embassy Pictures films Category:Films directed by Paul Aaron Category:Films scored by David Michael Frank Category:1970s American films
25249675	A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Pizzey)	A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia was first published in 1980 by Collins, Sydney. It was authored by Graham Pizzey with illustrations by Roy B. Doyle. The first edition was issued in octavo format, 220 mm in height by 140 mm width, with a foreword by Dr D.L. Serventy. It contained 460 pages of text with 32 black-and-white and 56 colour plates illustrating nearly all species of birds recorded in Australia at the time of publication. The plates were bunched between pages 300 and 301, while there were 725 maps of breeding distribution on pages 411-442 between the main text and the indexes, as well as maps of Australia in the end papers.Pizzey (1980). Its success was such that it was followed by several further editions. ==History== In the preface to the seventh edition, Sue, Caroline, Sarah and Tom Pizzey explain some of the background to the work: > "The Field Guide to the Birds of Australia was first published in 1980, > after more than fifteen years in the making. While it has continued to > evolve through numerous reprints and revised editions, taking in new > information, taxonomic changes, and changes in the way information has been > presented, the voice throughout has remained resolutely that of its author, > Graham Pizzey. > "Following the death of Graham, our husband and father, in late 2001 it soon > became clear that we were all keen to see the Guide continue. After all, the > entire family was there at its inception and development: travelling to > various corners of the continent as Graham took countless photographs and > recorded observations in the field. An article in the Herald in July 1967 > shows the three Pizzey children sprawled on the living-room floor, poring > over a map as we traced the journey we were about to make up through the > Centre and down the west coast. The ‘Big Trip’ was to form the basis of the > research for the first edition of the Guide, and was to give us an indelible > appreciation of the natural world. And we’ve been involved in various ways > ever since: looking at proofs, being asked for an opinion on an illustration > or cover, or listening to an attempt to capture the call of a bird on paper. > Responsible for providing his own children with an extraordinary childhood, > this Guide is now being enjoyed by Graham’s small grandchildren. Its > continuing relevance underpins our desire to see it remains in print, > updated and augmented regularly."Pizzey & Knight (2003), p.xiv. ==Later editions== * 1991 – The second, updated, edition was published by CollinsAngus&RobertsonPublishers; Pty Ltd. * 1997 – The first major revision of the guide came with the publication of the third edition in 1997, and a change of title to The Graham Pizzey & Frank Knight Field Guide to the Birds of Australia. Published by Angus & Robertson (an imprint of HarperCollins), it had all new plates by Frank Knight, each facing the completely revised text for the birds illustrated, while the length had expanded to 576 pages. It was 235 mm in height by 155 mm in width, issued in a flexible plastic cover, and contained a foreword by Dr Norman Wettenhall. This and following editions were dedicated by the author to "…Rolf Baldwin and John Ponder, schoolmasters, who first taught me to appreciate birds, and words".Pizzey & Knight (1997). * 2000 – fourth updated edition * 2001 – fifth updated edition * 2002 – sixth updated edition * 2003 – The seventh revised and updated edition was published by HarperCollinsPublishers Pty Ltd. Following Pizzey's death the text was edited by Peter Menkhorst and the title modified slightly to Graham Pizzey & Frank Knight: The Field Guide to the Birds of Australia. * 2007 – The eighth updated and revised edition () included 46 newly recorded or recently described species. * 2012 – The ninth updated edition (). ==References== ===Notes=== ===Sources=== * * * Category:1980 non-fiction books Category:Australian bird field guides Category:William Collins, Sons books
25334800	A Flight of Pigeons	A Flight of Pigeons is a novella by Indian author Ruskin Bond. The story is set in 1857, and is about Ruth Labadoor and her family (who are British) who take help of Hindus and Muslims to reach their relatives when the family's patriarch is killed in a church by the Indian rebels. The novella is an adaptation of the novel Mariam: A Story of the Indian Mutiny (1896) by J. F. Fanthome and is a mix of fiction and non fiction and was adapted into a film in 1978 called Junoon by Shyam Benegal, starring Shashi Kapoor, his wife Jennifer Kendal, and Nafisa Ali. ==Summary== The novel starts with the death of the father of Ruth Labadoor in front of her eyes in a church. This murder is committed by the Indian rebels who are a part of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and who have decided to kill all the Britishers of the small town of Shahjahanpur. It is then that Mariam Labadoor, who is the mother of the narrator, Ruth, comes into action. She takes their entire family of six to their trusted friend Lala Ramjimal who keeps them at his home and gives them security and shelter. The Pathan leader Javed Khan learns that there are some foreigners living in Lala Ramjimal's home and he enters his house unannounced and forcefully takes Ruth and Mariam Labadoor to his home. The rest of the book examines the various incidents experienced by the Labadoor family, who are warmly welcomed by family members of Javed Khan. Javed Khan himself is a cunning man and he pleads Mariam to marry Ruth. Mariam opposes the proposition many times as she does not want Ruth to marry Javed Khan. She keeps the condition that if the British are able to defeat the Indian rebels, then Javed Khan will not marry her daughter. But if they are defeated by the rebels, then she would give her daughter to him. The British are able to take the hold of the country and Javed Khan escapes the country and is not heard of. With much help and support, the Labadoor family finally reach their relatives. ==Main characters== ===Ruth Labadoor=== She is the narrator of the novel and witnesses the killing of her father. With the help of her mother, friends and others, she and her family finally make it to their relatives. ===Lala Ramjimal=== He is the most trusted friend of the Labadoor family and he gives shelter to the family before Javed Khan forcefully takes them out. ===Javed Khan=== He is a courageous Pathan. He loses focus on his commitment when he sees Ruth Labadoor and falls in love with her. Despite many attempts, he is not able to please Mariam Labadoor to let him marry her daughter. He later flees the country and is not heard of. ==References== Category:2003 novels Category:Indian novels adapted into films Category:Indian novellas Category:Novels about the Indian Rebellion of 1857 Category:Works by Ruskin Bond
25335785	A Change of Scenery	A Change Of Scenery is an album by the Maryland-based progressive bluegrass band The Seldom Scene. It is the first album with vocalist/guitarist Lou Reid and bassist T. Michael Coleman. == Track listing == == Personnel == * Lou Reid – vocals, guitar, fiddle * John Duffey – mandolin, vocals * Ben Eldridge – banjo * Mike Auldridge – Dobro, vocals * T. Michael Coleman – bass, vocals with * Robbie Magruder – percussion == References == == External links == * Official site – Category:1986 albums Category:The Seldom Scene albums Category:Sugar Hill Records albums
25361218	A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert	A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert is an 89-minute television film starring the opera singers Kathleen Battle and Frederica von Stade, the jazz trumpeter Wynton Marsalis, the Wynton Marsalis Septet, the American Boychoir, the Christmas Concert Chorus, the Orchestra of St. Luke's and the pianist and conductor André Previn. It first aired as part of PBS's Great Performances series in 1991, and was subsequently released on VHS, Laserdisc, DVD and CD. It was jointly produced by CAMI Video, Sony, PBS and WNET. ==Synopsis== The film presents thirty pieces of music performed before an audience in the main auditorium of Carnegie Hall, New York City on 8 December 1991. The soloists mostly stand on a multi-level platform at the front of the stage, the back of which is decorated with three large, lavish panels of Christmas imagery inspired by designs on a Russian lacquer box. The music, presented without any interrupting dialogue, is both sacred and secular. It is drawn from many traditions and performed in a variety of styles, ranging from a cappella hymnody to jazz improvisation. Included in the programme are American spirituals, traditional European carols, songs by the twentieth century American composers Hugh Martin, Richard Rodgers and Mel Tormé and compositions by the classical composers Adam, Handel, Humperdinck, Mozart, Praetorius, Prokofiev and Reger. The concert's arrangements by Nancy Allen, Arthur Harris and Alexander Courage – the first composer of music for Star Trek – were specially commissioned for it. ==DVD chapter listing== * Opening fanfare * Jester Hairston (1901–2000): "Mary's Little Boy Chile", orchestrated by Hale Smith (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Crusher Bennett [calypso percussion], Victor See Yuen [calypso percussion], Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional: "The Twelve Days of Christmas", arranged by Arthur Harris (Ensemble) * Pietro Alessandro Yon (1886–1943): "Gesù bambino", arranged by Arthur Harris (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Orchestra) * Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756–1791): "Alleluja" from Exsultate, jubilate (Kathleen Battle, Orchestra) * Felix Bernard (1897–1944): "Winter Wonderland", arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * Michael Praetorius (1571–1621): "Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming" (Es ist ein Ros' entsprungen), arranged by Arthur Harris (Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus) * Sergei Prokofiev (1891–1953): "Troika" from Lieutenant Kijé (Orchestra) * John Jacob Niles (1892–1980): "I Wonder as I Wander", arranged by Robert Sadin (Frederica von Stade, Nancy Allen, Orchestra) * Traditional: "Mary Had a Baby", arranged by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Wynton Marsalis, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional: "Oh Mary, What You Gonna Name That Pretty Little Baby", arranged by Sylvia Olden Lee, adapted and orchestrated by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional: "Who Was Mary? Mary Was Queen of Galilee", arranged by Wendell Whalum, adapted and orchestrated by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional: "Sister Mary Had-a But One Child", arranged by Roland Hayes, adapted by Nancy Allen (Kathleen Battle, Nancy Allen) * Traditional: "Go Tell It on the Mountain", arranged by Don Marsh, orchestrated by Arthur Harris (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) * George Frideric Handel (1685–1759), adapted by Lowell Mason: "Joy to the World"; text by Isaac Watts; arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * Franz Xaver Gruber (1787–1863): "Silent Night" (Stille Nacht); text by Joseph Mohr; arranged by Wynton Marsalis (Kathleen Battle, The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * Richard Rodgers (1902–1979): "My Favorite Things" from The Sound of Music; text by Oscar Hammerstein II; arranged by Arthur Harris (Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) * Mel Tormé (1925–1999): "The Christmas Song"; text by Robert Wells and Mel Tormé; (Kathleen Battle, Tony Falanga [bass], James Saporito [drums], André Previn [piano]) * Hugh Martin (1914–2011): "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"; text by Ralph Blane; (Frederica von Stade, André Previn [piano]) * John Henry Hopkins Jr. (1820–1891): "We Three Kings of Orient Are", arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * Engelbert Humperdinck (1854–1921): "Abends will ich schlafen gehn" from Hänsel und Gretel; text by Adelheid Wette; (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) * Max Reger (1873–1916): "Mariae Wiegenlied"; text by Martin Boelitz); arranged by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) * Traditional English: "I Saw Three Ships", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestre) * Traditional: "The First Noël", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Nancy Allen, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional American: "Away in a Manger", arranged by Alexander Courage (Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) * Traditional English: "Away in a Manger", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Nancy Allen, Boychoir, Orchestra) * Traditional Welsh: "Deck the Halls", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional English: "The Holly and the Ivy", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Orchestra) * Adolphe Adam (1803–1856): "O Holy Night" (O nuit divine), arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) * Traditional French: "Angels We Have Heard On High", arranged by Alexander Courage (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra)Frederica von Stade: The Complete Columbia Recital Albums, Sony CD, 88875183412, 2016A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert, Kultur DVD, D4157, 1992 ==CD track listing== * 1 (5:33) Traditional: "The Twelve Days of Christmas", arranged by Arthur Harris (Ensemble) * 2 (4:16) Jester Hairston (1901–2000): "Mary's Little Boy Chile", orchestrated by Hale Smith (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Crusher Bennett [calypso percussion], Victor See Yuen [calypso percussion], Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) * 3 (3:51) Pietro Alessandro Yon (1886–1943): "Gesù Bambino", arranged by Arthur Harris (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Orchestra) * 4 (2:42) Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart (1756–1791): "Alleluja" from Exsultate, jubilate (Kathleen Battle, Orchestra) * 5 (2:30) Richard Rodgers (1902–1979): "My Favorite Things" from The Sound of Music; text by Oscar Hammerstein II; arranged by Arthur Harris (Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) * 6 (2:46) Felix Bernard (1897–1944): "Winter Wonderland", arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * 7 (5:09) John Henry Hopkins Jr. (1820–1891): "We Three Kings of Orient Are", arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) * 8 (16:19) Medley of American songs ** John Jacob Niles (1892–1980): "I Wonder as I Wander", arranged by Robert Sadin (Frederica von Stade, Nancy Allen, Orchestra) ** Traditional: "Mary Had a Baby", arranged by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Wynton Marsalis, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional: "Oh Mary, What You Gonna Name That Pretty Little Baby", arranged by Sylvia Olden Lee, adapted and orchestrated by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional: "Who Was Mary? Mary Was Queen of Galilee", arranged by Wendell Whalum, adapted and orchestrated by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional: "Sister Mary Had-a But One Child", arranged by Roland Hayes, adapted by Nancy Allen (Kathleen Battle, Nancy Allen) ** Traditional: "Go Tell It on the Mountain", arranged by Don Marsh, orchestrated by Arthur Harris (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Wynton Marsalis, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) * 9 (4:45) Medley ** Mel Tormé (1925–1999): "The Christmas Song"; text by Robert Wells and Mel Tormé; (Kathleen Battle, Tony Falanga [bass], James Saporito [drums], André Previn [piano]) ** Hugh Martin (1914–2011): "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas"; text by Ralph Blane; (Frederica von Stade, André Previn [piano]) *10 (5:00) Franz Xaver Gruber (1787–1863): "Silent Night" (Stille Nacht); text by Joseph Mohr; arranged by Wynton Marsalis (Kathleen Battle, The Wynton Marsalis Septet) *11 (2:44) George Frideric Handel (1685–1785), adapted by Lowell Mason: "Joy to the World"; text by Isaac Watts; arranged by Wynton Marsalis (The Wynton Marsalis Septet) *12 (3:41) Engelbert Humperdinck (1854–1921): "Abends will ich schlafen gehn" from Hänsel und Gretel; text by Adelheid Wette; (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) *13 (4:04) Michael Praetorius (1571–1621): "Lo, How a Rose E'er Blooming" (Es ist ein Ros' entsprungen), arranged by Arthur Harris (Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus) *14 (2:03) Max Reger (1873–1916): "Maria Wiegenlied"; text by Martin Boelitz; arranged by Robert Sadin (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) *15 (10:57) Medley, arranged by Alexander Courage ** Traditional English: "I Saw Three Ships" (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional: "The First Noël" (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Nancy Allen, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional American: "Away in a Manger" (Frederica von Stade, Orchestra) ** Traditional English: "Away in a Manger" (Kathleen Battle, Nancy Allen, Boychoir, Orchestra) ** Traditional Welsh: "Deck the Halls" (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional English: "The Holly and the Ivy" (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Orchestra) ** Adolphe Adam (1803–1856): "O Holy Night" (O nuit divine) (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Chorus, Orchestra) ** Traditional French: "Angels We Have Heard on High" (Kathleen Battle, Frederica von Stade, Boychoir, Chorus, Orchestra) ==Personnel== ===Musical=== * Kathleen Battle, soprano * Frederica von Stade, mezzo-soprano * The Wynton Marsalis Septet: * Wynton Marsalis, trumpet; * Wes Anderson, alto saxophone; * Herbert Harris, tenor and soprano saxophones; * Wycliffe Gordon, trombone; * Reginald Veal, bass; * Stephen Scott, piano; and * Herlin Riley, drums * Nancy Allen, harp * Crusher Bennett, calypso percussion * Victor See Yuen, calypso percussion * Tony Falanga, bass * James Saporito, drums * American Boychoir (directed by James Litton) * Christmas Concert Chorus (directed by Robert De Cormier) * Orchestra of St. Luke's * André Previn (1929-2019), piano and conductor ===Other=== * Brian Large, video director * David Kneuss, stage director * John Michael Deegan, scenery designer * Sarah G. Conly, scenery designer * Alan Adelman, lighting designer * Mark Schubin, engineer-in-chief * Tom Lazarus, audio engineer * Ken Hahn, audio mixer * Thomas Frost, audio producer * Steven Epstein, audio producer * John Alberts, audio post-production * Gary Bradley, editor * Daniel Anker, producer * Laura Mitgang, producer * Peter Gelb, executive producer ==Broadcast and home media history== The concert was first aired in the US on 11 December 1991, broadcast by PBS in its Great Performances series. There was an 8 p.m. transmission on Channel 13 and an 8:45 p.m. transmission on Channel 21, the former accompanied by a stereo simulcast on WQXR. In 1992 PBS broadcast the concert again, and Sony released it on VHS and Laserdisc.A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert, Sony VHS, 1992A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert, Sony Laserdisc, 1992 Subsequently, Kultur reissued the concert on DVD (catalogue number D4157). presenting it unabridged, framed at 4:3, in colour (using the NTSC video standard) and with Dolby Digital stereo sound. Kultur's disc offered no bonus features nor any liner notes beyond a rudimentary track listing. On 6 October 1992, Sony released the concert on a 76-minute CD (catalogue number SK 48235).A Carnegie Hall Christmas Concert, Sony CD, SK 48235, 1992 Sony's disc omitted the concert's only purely orchestral items (the opening fanfare and the Troika from Prokofiev's Lieutenant Kijé) and arranged the other pieces of music in a different order. It came with a 20-page insert booklet that included no texts or translations but provided a detailed track listing, an essay on the concert and seven photographs taken during the performance. In 2016 Sony reissued the album with a 52-page booklet in their 18-CD collection Frederica von Stade: The Complete Columbia Recital Albums (catalogue number 88875183412). ==Critical reception== John J. O'Connor reviewed the concert in a television column in The New York Times on 11 December 1991. He had mixed feelings about the producers' choice of music, some of which he thought hackneyed. "Am I the only person in New York", he asked, "who, after sitting through hundreds of ornate renditions, finds 'The 12 Days of Christmas' numbingly tedious?" He was more complimentary about the calypso-infused 'Mary's Little Boy Chile' and a sequence of traditional American Marian numbers, as well as rousing ensemble versions of 'Go Tell It on the Mountain' and 'Angels We Have Heard On High'. He conceded that Previn's conducting and the concert's specially commissioned arrangements made some old chestnuts sound new again. Battle, in puff-ball- sleeved scarlet, was "quite dazzling in her upper registers and gets there often enough to make sure no one forgets it". Von Stade, sheathed in glittering emerald, was more expressive in her hymns than in her spirituals. Wynton Marsalis punctuated proceedings with his trumpet's "soulful wailings". The standing ovation at the end of the concert was well earned. The English classical vocal critic J. B. Steane reviewed the CD edition of the concert in Gramophone in December 1992. He mocked the album's choice of compositions and arrangements, noting that 'The Twelve Days of Christmas' included a fragment of 'Ist ein Traum' from Der Rosenkavalier, that Reger's lullaby sounded like a duet that Strauss's Sophie and Octavian might have sung at their first Christmas together and that 'Silent Night' had been given a "smoochy accompaniment" which at times sounded as though it had been devised for another song altogether. For the performers, on the other hand, he had nothing but praise, applauding Battle's "unflawed purity of tone", von Stade's "characteristic warmth", Marsalis's eloquent trumpet, the cool expertise of his Septet and the geniality of Previn on the podium. All was bright and sweetly shining in the light of Carnegie Hall, he wrote – it was all "so happy and snappy, so gifted and sweet" that its sheer quantity of Christmas icing sugar made him scowl like Charles Dickens's Ebenezer Scrooge. Still, the concert was rich in ingenuity and charm and it was obvious that the audience had enjoyed it, and the album had captured the spirit of the occasion successfully.Gramophone, December 1992, p. 145 ==See also== * Christmas with Flicka, starring Frederica von Stade, Melba Moore, Rex Smith and Julius Rudel ==References== Category:Frederica von Stade albums Category:1991 television films Category:1991 films Category:1992 albums Category:1992 classical albums Category:Carnegie Hall Category:Christmas television films Category:Christmas television specials Category:Classical Christmas albums Category:Classical crossover albums Category:Classical video albums Category:Live classical albums
2544021	A Jitney Elopement	thumbnail|Full film A Jitney Elopement was Charlie Chaplin's fifth film for Essanay Films. It starred Chaplin and Edna Purviance as lovers, with Purviance wanting Chaplin to take her away from an arranged marriage her father (played by Fred Goodwins) had planned for her. Chaplin does take her away in a jitney, a type of share taxi popular in the US between 1914 and 1916. Most of the film was made in San Francisco and includes scenes of San Francisco's Golden Gate Park and the large windmills still on the park's west side. 160px|thumb|left|A scene filmed in Golden Gate Park ==Synopsis== Edna's father greedily wants her to marry wealthy Count Chloride de Lime whom neither she nor he has ever met. Unknown to Edna's father, his daughter already has a true love: Charlie. Edna drops a note to her Charlie explaining her plight and asking him be her knight and save her. Charlie agrees. He arrives at Edna's home and impersonates the Count at dinner. Charlie humorously consumes beans with a knife, but still manages to keep up the facade of being a count. However, the true Count de Lime arrives and Charlie is roughly escorted away as an impostor. The count takes Edna to a nearby park to woo her, but Charlie is close by, as is Edna's father. Charlie interrupts the Count's romantic plans and begins a fight with the Count, Edna's father and three park policemen. An automobile chase featuring Edna and Charlie in one car (a two-seater roadster) and the pursuers in another (a four-seater) ends with a few timely and accurate brick tosses by Charlie and the pursuing vehicle being bumped off a pier. The movie ends with Edna and Charlie shyly kissing in their vehicle. Curiously Edna's name is given as Edna in an early title card and Edena mid-way. When she throws a note out of her window to Charlie, it is signed Iona Lott (I own a lot). ==Review== A reviewer for Motion Picture World wrote, "There is a vein of romance throughout the story which, combined with Chaplin's inimitable comedy, gives the picture a general appeal." ==Cast== * Charles Chaplin as Suitor, the Fake Count * Edna Purviance as Edna/Edena/Iona Lott * Ernest Van Pelt as Edna's father * Leo White as Count Chloride de Lime, Edna's Suitor * Lloyd Bacon as Young Butler / Cop (uncredited) * Paddy McGuire as Old Butler/Cop * Bud Jamison as Cop with Baton * Carl Stockdale as Cop * Fred Goodwins as Car owner ==External links== * * * A Jitney Elopement on YouTube Category:Short films directed by Charlie Chaplin Category:American silent short films Category:1915 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1915 comedy films Category:Essanay Studios films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Articles containing video clips Category:1915 short films Category:American comedy short films Category:1910s American films
25475273	A Dolorosa Raiz do Micondó	A Dolorosa Raiz do Micondó is a book of poetry written by the Santomean poet, Conceição Lima. It contains twenty-seven poems and was published in 2006 by the Portuguese publisher Editorial Caminho of Lisbon. Lima's poetry is thematic in its genealogical composition. Her words are personal, intimate and, at times, painful as they evoke family ties and the suffering of her ancestors (and other São Toméans) who were brought against their will to the archipelago from mainland Africa and later sent to other countries as slaves. This book is also a testimony to the violence that São Tomé and Príncipe has experienced throughout the centuries with poems such as "1953", "Jovani", and "Ignomínia". =="Canto Obscuro às Raízes"== The first poem in this book is entitled "Canto Obscuro às Raízes" (Hymn to Obscure Roots), in which the poet inquires about the identity of her last African grandfather. Conceição Lima embarks on a lyrical journey in search of her roots and compares her ordeal/search to that of the American writer, Alex Haley, who traced his grandfather Kunta Kinte to the town of Juffure from where, in the 18th century, he was taken as a slave. This story became the inspiration for the novel Roots, which Haley wrote later in life. Although Lima's poetry is about her land and her roots (local poetry), it is also universal as evidenced by this parallel of events in São Tomé and Príncipe and the United States in regards to the painful history of slavery. The poem ends with the following verses: "Eu, a peregrina que não encontrou o caminho para Juffure / Eu, a nómada que regressará sempre a Juffure" (I, the pilgrim who did not find the road to Juffure / I, the nomad who will always return to Juffure). These verses attest to the revelation that Lima has not found her roots after all; a dilemma that plagues not only the poet and her Santomean compatriots, but all those whose ancestors were enslaved. =="São João da Vargem"== "São João da Vargem" is another poem about familial history but it has a lighter, more innocent tone than the previous poem. It is divided into four parts. The first, with the title "O Anel das Folhas" (The Ring of Leaves), is about her happy childhood growing up on her native island of São Tomé, surrounded by its enchanting nature. These are some of its verses: "E eu brincava, eu corria, eu tinha o anel, / o mundo era meu" (I used to play, run, I had the ring / the world was mine). The second part of this poem is called "A Sombra do Quintal" (The Shadow of the Backyard), in which Conceição Lima confesses that in those days of innocence she was not aware of the suffering of others around her: "Eu rodopiava e o mundo girava / girava o terreiro, o kimi era alto / e no tronco eu não via não via não via / o tronco rasgado dos serviçais." "As Vozes" (The Voices), the third part of the poem, evokes remembrances of family members: aunts, cousins, relatives of her mother and even some neighbors. "A voz do meu pai punha caras concretas / naquelas caras que eram altas, eram difusas / e olhavam p'ra longe, não para mim." These verses are part of the last section of the poem, "Os Olhos dos Retratos" (The Eyes in the Photographs). It is about the family pictures that she finds in the attic of people she does not know, but through her father's storytelling she learns about these family members. Storytelling is a rich African tradition and the foundation of the continent's oral literature, in addition to being strongly present in written literary works such as Lima's. =="Ignomínia"== "Ignomínia" (Ignominy) is a short but powerful poem that has a tragic and profound tone. It speaks of the atrocities committed against the innocent people of Rwanda while the rest of the world remained silent and took no action to protect them. It severely criticizes the governments of the industrialized nations for allowing the genocide to take place in Rwanda. The poem ends with this disturbing verse: "Ruanda ainda conta os crânios dos seus filhos" (Rwanda still counts the skulls of her children). Through the poems in her A Dolorosa Raiz do Micondó, Conceição Lima ties her autobiographic expression to a commentary on the history of her nation. She lends her lyric voice to those who were unable to express their suffering and those who had no voice in the society. ==References== *Lima, Conceição (2006). A Dolorosa Raiz do Micondó, Lisboa, Editorial Caminho. Category:São Tomé and Príncipe culture Category:Poetry collections Category:2006 books
2553430	A Day's Pleasure	A Day's Pleasure (1919) is Charlie Chaplin's fourth film for First National Films. It was created at the Chaplin Studio. It was a quickly made two-reeler to help fill a gap while working on his first feature The Kid. It is about a day outing with his wife and the kids and things do not go smoothly. Edna Purviance plays Chaplin's wife and Jackie Coogan one of the kids. The first scene shows the Chaplin Studio corner office in the background while Chaplin tries to get his car started. ==Plot summary== ==Cast== * Charles Chaplin as Father * Edna Purviance as Mother * Marion Feducha as Small Boy (uncredited) * Bob Kelly as Small Boy (uncredited) * Jackie Coogan as Smallest Boy (uncredited) * Tom Wilson as Large Husband (uncredited) * Babe London as His Seasick Wife (uncredited) * Henry Bergman as Captain, Man in Car and Heavy Policeman (uncredited) * Loyal Underwood as Angry Little Man in Street (uncredited) ==Plot== After an initial scene featuring a Ford which is extremely reluctant to start, most of the action takes place on an excursion ferry. Gags revolve around seasickness, which Charlie, a fat couple, and even the boat's all-black ragtime band succumb to, deckchairs, and Charlie's comic pugnacity. This is followed by a scene of the family returning home, and encountering trouble at an intersection, which involves a traffic cop, and hot tar. ==Reception== A Day's Pleasure is almost universally regarded as Chaplin's least impressive First National film. Even contemporary critics were muted in their enthusiasm, as evidenced by this mixed review from The New York Times of December 8, 1919 : > "Charlie Chaplin is screamingly funny in his latest picture, A Day's > Pleasure, at the Strand, when he tries in vain to solve the mysteries of a > collapsible deck chair. He is also funny in many little bits of pantomime > and burlesque, in which he is inimitable. But most of the time he depends > for comedy upon seasickness, a Ford car, and biff-bang slap-stick, with > which he is little, if any, funnier than many other screen comedians."The > New York Times review == References == ==External links== * * * Category:1919 films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1919 comedy films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Short films directed by Charlie Chaplin Category:1919 short films Category:American comedy short films Category:First National Pictures films Category:Surviving American silent films Category:1910s American films Category:1910s English-language films
25551781	A Letter to Lord Ellenborough	thumb|1812 title page."A Letter to Lord Ellenborough" is a pamphlet written in 1812 by Percy Bysshe Shelley in defence of Daniel Isaac Eaton.Sandy, Mark. "A Letter to Lord Ellenborough". The Literary Encyclopedia. 21 March 2002. accessed 24 December 2009. Printed in Barnstaple, the essay is approximately 4,000 words in length. ==Arguments advanced in the essay== In the essay, Shelley argues for concepts which were then quite radical, including complete freedom of the press, and a tolerance for all published opinion, even when false. The latter, he argued, would "ultimately be controverted by its own falsehood." The epigraph on the title page is by Tiberius from The Annals, Deorum Offensa, Diis curae. An offense to the gods is rectified by the gods. A speech by the Marquess Wellesley from July 2 in the Globe is quoted. In the Advertisement, Shelley wrote that he had waited for four months for someone to attack the sentence but when none was forthcoming, he wrote the letter. Memorials: from Authentic Sources Ed. by Lady Shelley. ==Origin of the title== ===Lord Ellenborough=== The title arises from the name of the letter's recipient, who directed the jury that convicted Eaton. Eaton had been tried and found guilty of "blasphemous libel", for being an atheist. At the trial before Edward Law, 1st Baron Ellenborough, the Lord Chief Justice of England, what Mark Sandy of the University of Durham has called a "prejudiced jury" convicted Eaton for printing part three of Thomas Paine's Age of Reason. ===The trial=== Daniel Eaton was put on trial in May 1812. During the trial, in which he was accused of being an atheist, as well as the aforementioned "blasphemous libel." In defending himself, Eaton claimed that his beliefs were not atheistic, but deistic. He attempted to argue that scripture was open to the type of critique that Paine had leveled in Age of Reason. He based this view on his belief that the god of the Old Testament was "a revengeful and primitive deity", while the Christ of the New Testament was "an exceedingly virtuous, good man, but nothing supernatural or divine." Despite the paucity of evidence, on 15 May 1812, the Ellenborough-led jury found Eaton guilty. His sentence was severe, including eighteen months in Newgate Prison and a monthly pillorying for the entire term of his sentence. ==Publication history== The letter was republished as Shelley on Blasphemy: Being His Letter to Lord Ellenborough, Occasioned by the Sentence which He Passed on Mr. D. I. Eaton in 1883 in London by the Progressive Publishing Company.Shelley on Blasphemy, 1883, Archive. The letter was republished in A letter to Lord Ellenborough: Occasioned by the Sentence Which He Passed on Mr. D.I. Eaton as publisher of the third part of Paine's 'Age of Reason' in 1894 in London by R. Forder.A Letter to Lord Ellenborough, 1894. Archive. ==References== ==Sources== *Butler, Marilyn. Romantics, Rebels and Reactionaries: English Literature and its Background, 1760-1830. Oxford University Press, 1982. *Cameron, Kenneth Neill. "Shelley vs. Southey: New Light on an Old Quarrel." PMLA, Vol. 57, No. 2 (Jun., 1942), pp. 489–512. *Cameron, Kenneth Neill. "Shelley and the Reformers." ELH, Vol. 12, No. 1 (March, 1945), pp. 62–85. *Clark, David Lee. "The Dates and Sources of Shelley's Metaphysical, Moral, and Religious Essays." The University of Texas Studies in English, Vol. 28, (1949), pp. 160–194. *Grimes, Kyle. "'Queen Mab', the Law of Libel, and the Forms of Shelley's Politics." The Journal of English and Germanic Philology, Vol. 94, No. 1 (January, 1995), pp. 1–18. *Male, Roy R., Jr. "Young Shelley and the Ancient Moralists." Keats-Shelley Journal, Vol. 5, (Winter, 1956), pp. 81–86. *Shelley, Percy Bysshe. Shelley on Blasphemy: Being his Letter to Lord Ellenborough, occasioned by the sentence which he passed on Mr. D. I. Eaton, as publisher of the third part of Paine's "Age of Reason". London: Progressive Publishing Company, 1883. *Sotheran, Charles. Percy Bysshe Shelley as a Philosopher and Reformer. Boston, MA: IndyPublish.com, 2006. First published in New York by C.P. Somerby, 1876. *White, Newman I. "Literature and the Law of Libel: Shelley and the Radicals of 1840-1842." Studies in Philology, Vol. 22, No. 1 (January, 1925), pp. 34–47. *White, Newman I. "Shelley and the Active Radicals of the Early Nineteenth Century." South Atlantic Quarterly, 29, 1930, pp. 246–261. ==External links== *A Letter to Lord Ellenborough. London: R. Forder, 1894. *"A Letter to Lord Ellenborough." Selected Prose Works of Shelley. London: Watts & Co., 1915. Category:1812 documents Category:Works by Percy Bysshe Shelley Category:Blasphemy Category:Freedom of the press
25562601	A Filetta	A Filetta (, ) is an all-male singing group that performs traditional music from Corsica. It's made up of Corsican singers who try to popularize the traditional Corsican Polyphony singing style. To assert its Corsican identity, the group's name refers to a kind of fern that grows on the island. == History == For over 35 years, A Filetta has been singing traditional polyphony but also innovate. They have recorded extensively and performed internationally. In 2009, they performed in France, Germany, Poland, Ireland, Brazil, in the Baltic States, Belgium, Italy, and Austria. The year 2010 brought them to Japan, Korea and the Réunion. === Beginnings of A Filetta === The group A Filetta was founded in October 1978 in Balagne by Michel Frassati, a young teacher, joined by Tumasgiu Nami, apiculturist. This association whose first objective was to contribute to the salvation of the Corsican oral heritage was linked to the Riacquistu mouvement. In 1981, the first album of A Filetta, Machja n'avemu un antra, is released. This first album will be followed by others, including one with children, (Sonnii Zitillini, 1987) and their first a cappella album, A' u visu di tanti (1989). At the same time, A Filetta put a lot into cultural associations, including U Svegliu Calvese with which they launched in 1989 the first Rencontres de Chants Polyphoniques de Calvi: "A l'iniziu c'era a voce", now an established festival. === Members === The group is currently composed of 6 singers: * Jean-Claude Acquaviva (since 1978); * Paul Giansily (since 1983); * Jean-Luc Geronimi (since 1994); * Jean Sicurani (since 1978); * Maxime Vuillamier (since 1989); * Ceccè Acquaviva (since 2005). == Discography == *1981 : Machja n'avemu un altra *1982 : O'Vita *1984 : Cun tè *1987 : Sonnii Zitillini and In l'abbriu di e stagioni *1989 : A U VISU DI TANTI *1992 : AB'ETERNU (Diapason d'Or) *1994 : UNA TARRA CI HE (choc du monde de la musique) *1997 : PASSIONE (diapason d'or et choc du monde de la musique) *1998 : Soundtrack "Don Juan" by Jacques Weber *1999 : Soundtrack "Himalaya - l'enfance d'un chef" by Éric Valli *2000 : Soundtrack "Le libertin" by Jacques Weber *2000 : Participation at the soundtrack of "Comme un aimant" by Kamel Saleh and Akhenaton *2001 : Soundtrack "Le Peuple migrateur" by Jacques Perrin *2002 : INTANTU (Deda), reviewed as a "remarkable CD" by The IndependentThe Independent, January 24, 2010 *2002 : DVD : "A FILETTA, voix corses" by Don Kent (Éditions Montparnasse) *2003 : SI DI MÈ *2005 : Soundtrack "Liberata" France 3 *2006 : MEDEA *2008 : BRACANÀ (Deda/Harmonia Mundi distr.) *2009 : DVD "TRENT'ANNI POCU, TRENT'ANNI ASSAI" : a documentary by Cathy Rocchi and a concert at the Oratoire de Calvi, + bonus + a CD with songs. (Harmonia Mundi) *2011 : Mistico Mediterraneo with Paolo Fresu and Daniele di Bonaventura (ECM) *2011 : Di Corsica Riposu, Requiem pour deux regards with Daniele di Bonaventura *2013 : Puz/zle soundtrack for Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui's choreography with Fadia Tomb El-Hage, Kazunari Abe and Olga Wojciechowska (Eastman) *2015 : Castelli (Harmonia Mundi/World Village) == Filmography == * 1995: A Filetta, en concert - Chants et Polyphonies de Corse (Olivi) * 2002: A Filetta, voix corses (DVD) de Don Kent (Éditions Montparnasse) * 2004 : A Filetta, Di Corsica Riposu d'Ange Leccia (Camera Lucida) * 2009 : Trent'anni pocu, trent'anni assai (DVD), un documentaire de Cathy Rocchi et un concert à l'Oratoire de Calvi (Harmonia Mundi) == Awards == *Grand Prix de l'académie Charles Cros (1995 et 2008) *Diapason d'Or (1993, 1997) *Choc du Monde de la Musique (1993, 1995, 1997) *César de la meilleure musique de film pour "Himalaya l'Enfance d'un chef" (2000) == References == == Bibliography == "A Filetta - tradition et ouverture ", by Jean-Claude Casanova - Colonna Editions, Ajaccio, 2009 == External links == *Site of A Filetta *Tra Noi, Site of fans in English, Dutch, German and French *L'invitu, Site of fans in French, German and Italian *El espiritu del sur Category:Italian musical groups Category:Corsican musical groups
25566133	A Collection of Romantic Themes	A Collection of Romantic Themes is a compilation album by keyboardist Yanni, released on the Private Music label in 1994. This compilation consists of tracks from his 1992 Grammy-nominated album Dare to Dream and his 1993 follow- up album In My Time as well as from Reflections of Passion and Live at the Acropolis. This album is no longer in print. ==Track listing== ==Production== * Engineered and mixed by Yanni at his private studios *Mastered at Bernie Grundman Mastering, Los Angeles * Produced and Manufactured exclusively for Dayton Hudson. Corporation * Distributed by BMG Distribution. (Production as described in CD liner notes.) ==References== Category:Yanni albums Category:1994 compilation albums
25602480	A (hangul)	ㅏ(a) is a jamo, the smallest component of the Korean hangul writing system. It represents a vowel, the IPA pronunciation of which is [ɐ]. The Unicode for ㅏ is U+314F. ==Stroke order== center|Stroke order in writing ㅏ == References == ==See also== *Turnstile (symbol) Category:Hangul jamo Category:Vowel letters
25604369	A Gentleman's Kiss	is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Shinri Fuwa. First serialized in Chara Selection, the manga was later adapted and released in North America by Digital Manga Publishing. The adaptation received mostly positive reception by reviewers. ==Plot== ==Release== A Gentleman's Kiss was first published in the Japanese manga magazine Chara Selection from August 25, 2005 to April 25, 2006. The manga series was adapted into English, and released in North America by Digital Manga Publishing. Both volumes were released between August, and November 2008. In addition to the two volume series, a Drama CD was also released in April, 2006. ==Reception== Danielle Van Gorder from Mania.com described the art as "interesting, bold and very assured", and felt that although the story had many cliches, it was "executed well enough" to make it feel fresh. Van Gorder felt that in places, the characterisation was too subtle. Rachel Bentham, writing for Active Anime, enjoyed the art and story, saying that the "men are handsome, the romance dangerous". Katherine Farmar, writing for Comics Village, compared the premise to Romeo and Juliet, but appreciated that this was only the premise, and that the story became more complex with a love triangle with "uncertainty and ambiguity". Leroy Douresseaux of Comic Book Bin enjoyed the lack of a seme-uke dynamic, and enjoyed the stubborn strength of the characters. ==References== ==External links== *Official website at Chara (magazine) *A Gentleman's Kiss at Digital Manga Publishing Category:2005 manga Category:Drama anime and manga Category:Digital Manga Publishing titles Category:Tokuma Shoten manga Category:Yaoi anime and manga
25804321	A Brief History of Crime	A Brief History of Crime is the third book by author and journalist Peter Hitchens. Originally published in 2003, it was reissued in 2004 under the new title The Abolition of Liberty. The book was described in 2012 by The American Conservative magazine as "a must-read for anyone on either side of the Atlantic". ==Themes== The book challenges a number of commonly held views about the causes of crime, criticising the opinion that crime is caused by poverty or other forms of social deprivation. It also charts the changes in policing from the 1960s to the present day, and examines and criticises the workings of the modern British prison system, including a chapter on the author's visit to Wormwood Scrubs. Hitchens contends that the former principle of "due punishment of responsible persons" has been abandoned in favour of vague modern theories of rehabilitation. ==Reception== Left-leaning publications were very critical of the book. David Rose in The Observer described the book as "a churning, ceaseless rant, akin to the wake of a cross-Channel ferry. It has similar bilious effects" and questioned whether the desperate situation described by Hitchens really exists, citing Oxford as an example. Conservative newspapers assessed the book more favourably. Bryan Appleyard, writing in The Sunday Times, described it as "a marvellous, angry polemic" that accounts for and charts how the British Police force became so "institutionally bureaucratic, sullen, chippy and ineffectual". In The Sunday Telegraph, Theodore Dalrymple agreed with the main arguments in the book, writing "Mr Hitchens places the blame firmly where it belongs: on a supine and pusillanimous political establishment that, for four decades at least, has constantly retreated before the verbal onslaught of liberal intellectuals whose weapons have been mockery allied to sentimental guilt about their prosperous and comfortable lives, and whose aim has been to liberate themselves from personally irksome moral constraints, without regard to the consequences for those less favourably placed in society". ==Publishing history== The book was published by Atlantic Books, () in 2003. An updated edition, re-titled The Abolition of Liberty: The Decline of Order and Justice in England () and featuring a new chapter on identity cards ("Your papers, please"), and with two chapters – on gun control ("Out of the barrel of a gun") and capital punishment ("Cruel and unusual") – removed, appeared in April 2004. Hitchens said in his weblog in 2010 that the reason for removing the above chapters was so that the book "would be read more widely". The deleted chapters are restored in the audiobook. ==Bibliography== * * ==References== Category:2003 non-fiction books Category:Books about politics of the United Kingdom Category:Books by Peter Hitchens Category:Non-fiction crime books Category:Atlantic Books books
25808359	A Glass of Water (1960 film)	A Glass of Water () is a 1960 West German comedy-musical film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Gustaf Gründgens, Liselotte Pulver and Sabine Sinjen. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival. It is an adaptation of the 1842 French play Le Verre d'eau by Eugène Scribe and is set in London in 1710 during the War of the Spanish Succession. It was shot at the Wandsbek Studios in Hamburg. The film's sets were designed by the art director Albrecht Becker and Herbert Kirchhoff. ==Plot== Still young and inexperienced, Anne, Queen of Great Britain is a weak puppet-queen under the influence of Sarah Churchill, whose intrigues are an attempt to paint her warlike husband the Duke of Marlborough in a better light. However, Henry St. John, a noble journalist and leader of the opposition, is also trying to influence the queen - he wants to end the war with France as soon as possible and by any means necessary. Sarah is not averse to romantic adventures and so becomes the patron of the young country lord Arthur Masham, unceremoniously making him an ensign in the queen's guards. However, Henry St. John sees through the plan, knowing that Masham is engaged to Abigail, a jealous shop assistant in a jewellery store, who he wants to win for himself. Masham kills a very rich cousin of Henry in a duel. Henry thus inherits a huge fortune and the title Lord Bolingbroke. He wins the next round of intrigues, getting a position in the queen's court for Abigail and thus gaining influence there for himself. Via Abigail he learns that the queen has her eye on Masham without him being aware of it. As a signal for a planned rendezvous, she wants to pass him a glass of water during a ball. Henry thus explains to Sarah that she has a rival, but does not name names. However, at the queen's next ball she vies with the queen for Masham's favour and then panics, meaning both she and Masham have to resign their roles as the queen's confidantes. Even so, the tide seems to be turning in Sarah's favour when she and a few other ladies surprise the queen during a night-time meeting with Masham. However, Henry is ready - he arrives immediately and saves the queen with a white lie. He thus becomes her sole advisor and Sarah's fate is sealed - she is banished from court and Marlborough is dismissed - leaving Henry as prime minister at the head of a new cabinet, whose first task will be to resume peace negotiations with France. ==Cast== *Gustaf Gründgens as Sir Henry St. John (a fictionalisation of Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke) *Liselotte Pulver as Queen Anne *Sabine Sinjen as Abigail *Hilde Krahl as Lady Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough *Horst Janson as Masham (a fictionalization of Samuel Masham) *Rudolf Forster as Marquis de Torcy (a fictionalization of Jean- Baptiste Colbert, Marquess of Torcy) *Hans Leibelt as butler *Bobby Todd as Maitre de plaisir *Joachim Rake as Lord Avondale *Herbert Weissbach as Beichvater *Sybille Kien as Duchess' maid *Holger Hagen as Lord Avondale ==See also== *A Glass of Water (1923) ==References== ==External links== * Category:1960 films Category:1960 musical comedy films Category:1960s historical comedy films Category:1960s historical musical films Category:Cultural depictions of Anne, Queen of Great Britain Category:Cultural depictions of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough Category:Cultural depictions of Jean-Baptiste Colbert Category:German musical comedy films Category:West German films Category:Films based on works by Eugène Scribe Category:Films directed by Helmut Käutner Category:Fiction set in 1710 Category:Films set in the 1710s Category:Films set in London Category:German films based on plays Category:Remakes of German films Category:Sound film remakes of silent films Category:German historical comedy films Category:Films shot at Wandsbek Studios Category:German historical musical films Category:War of the Spanish Succession in fiction Category:1960s German films Category:1960s German-language films
25810323	A Line in the Dirt	"A Line in the Dirt" is a 2010 single by Eels from the album End Times. The cover to the single and the album were illustrated by Adrian Tomine. The single was originally released through Eels' online store on January 13, 2010, and was released for general distribution on March 1, 2010. ==Track listing== All songs written by E. #"A Line in the Dirt" – 3:30 #"Little Bird" – 2:34 ==Sales chart performance== The song reached 32 on the Belgium Singles Chart (Flanders).Belgium Flanders Singles Chart ==References== Category:2010 singles Category:Eels (band) songs Category:Songs written by Mark Oliver Everett Category:Song recordings produced by Mark Oliver Everett Category:2010 songs
25829061	A Dangerous Age	A Dangerous Age is a 1958 film directed by Sidney J. Furie. ==Plot summary== Sidney J. Furie'shttp://torontoist.com/2015/04/historicist-sidney-furie-and-a- dangerous-age/ Retrieved Oct. 14/15Take One's Essential Guide to Canadian Film, ed. Wyndham Wise, University of Toronto Press, 2001, p. 83 low-budget tale about young lovers (Ben Piazza and Anne Pearson) on the run from an uncaring adult world – they just want to get married but are thwarted at every turn – remains something of landmark in English-Canadian feature production. ==Reception== A Dangerous AgeRetrieved October 14, 2015 began as an hour-long drama for CBC-TV, where the 24-year-old Furie worked as a writer, and received critical praise when it was released in the UK where Furie was recognized as a fresh talent; however, it was ignored in Canada. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1958 films Category:Films directed by Sidney J. Furie Category:1958 directorial debut films Category:Canadian drama films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:1950s English-language films Category:1950s Canadian films
25870586	A Fazenda 1	A Fazenda 1 (formerly known as A Fazenda) was the first season of the Brazilian reality television series A Fazenda which premiered May 31, 2009 with the finale airing on August 23, 2009 on the RecordTV. The show was presented by news reporter Britto Júnior along with actress Chris Couto and directed by Rodrigo Carelli. The winner was 28-year-old actor Dado Dolabella from Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro who defeated singer Danni Carlos with 83% of the votes. ==Production== ===Cast=== There were fourteen celebrity contestants competing for the grand prize, which was R$1,000,000 without tax allowances. The season lasted 85 days, making this the shortest season until A Fazenda 8. ==Contestants== Below is biographical information according to the Record official site, plus footnoted additions. (ages stated are correct at the start of the contest) Contestant Age Background Hometown Status Finish Franciely Freduzeski 30 Actress Laranjeiras do Sul Eliminated 1st 15th Bárbara Koboldt 33 Reporter Porto Alegre Walked 14th Babi Xavier 34 TV Host Niterói Eliminated 2nd 13th Théo Becker 32 Actor Pelotas Eliminated 3rd 12th Fabio Arruda 38 Style consultant Rio de Janeiro Eliminated 4th 11th Miro Moreira 25 Model São Paulo Eliminated 5th 10th Luciele di Camargo 31 Actress Goiânia Eliminated 6th 9th Mirella Santos 25 Dancer Florianópolis Eliminated 7th 8th Jonathan Haagensen 25 Actor Rio de Janeiro Eliminated 8th 7th Fabiana Alvarez 32 Actress São José Eliminated 9th 6th Danielle Souza 28 Model Lages Eliminated 10th 5th Pedro Leonardo 22 Musician Anápolis Eliminated 11th 4th Carlinhos Silva 28 Comedian São Paulo Eliminated 12th 3rd Danni Carlos 33 Singer Rio de Janeiro Runner-up 2nd Dado Dolabella 28 Actor Rio de Janeiro Winner 1st ==Future appearances== In 2011, Franciely Freduzeski was contender to be a competitor on A Fazenda 4, but ultimately did not return. In 2017, Théo Becker appeared in Dancing Brasil 2, he finished in 9th place in the competition. In 2017, Fábio Arruda returned to compete in A Fazenda 9, he finished in 14th place in the competition. In 2019, Babi Xavier appared on Popstar 3, she finished in 10th place in the competition, in 2023, Xavier appeared on Bake Off Celebridades 3, she finished in 13th place in the competition. ==Voting history== Day 78 Finale Dado Théo Pedro Luciele Carlinhos Danielle Fabiana Danielle Carlinhos Pedro Nominated Luciele Danielle Jonathan Fabio Danni Carlinhos Mirella Jonathan Danni Danielle Nominated Franciely Babi Théo Pedro Miro Luciele Jonathan Danni Fabiana Dado Nominated Mirella Jonathan Miro Dado Dado Fabiana Dado Dado Dado Danni Dado Babi Théo Pedro Miro Pedro Jonathan Fabiana Fabiana Carlinhos Nominee Nominee Winner (Day 85) Danni Franciely Babi Théo Fabiana Miro Fabiana Jonathan Fabiana Fabiana Carlinhos Nominee Nominee Runner-up (Day 85) Carlinhos Pedro Pedro Miro Dado Luciele Pedro Pedro Dado Immune Nominee Evicted (Day 81) Pedro Carlinhos Carlinhos Carlinhos Mirella Dado Carlinhos Carlinhos Dado Nominee Evicted (Day 78) Evicted (Day 78) Danielle Franciely Babi Théo Mirella Luciele Jonathan Pedro Dado Evicted (Day 71) Evicted (Day 71) Evicted (Day 71) Fabiana Not in house Not in house Théo Danni Pedro Jonathan Danni Dado Evicted (Day 64) Evicted (Day 64) Evicted (Day 64) Evicted (Day 64) Jonathan Bárbara Miro Théo Dado Fabiana Mirella Danielle Danni Evicted (Day 57) Evicted (Day 57) Evicted (Day 57) Evicted (Day 57) Evicted (Day 57) Mirella Théo Fabio Théo Danielle Luciele Luciele Jonathan Evicted (Day 50) Evicted (Day 50) Evicted (Day 50) Evicted (Day 50) Evicted (Day 50) Evicted (Day 50) Luciele Franciely Miro Théo Miro Mirella Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Evicted (Day 43) Miro Pedro Jonathan Théo Pedro Luciele Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Evicted (Day 36) Fabio Bárbara Mirella Théo Pedro Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Evicted (Day 29) Théo Mirella Miro Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Evicted (Day 22) Babi Bárbara Danni Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Evicted (Day 15) Bárbara Franciely Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Walked (Day 9) Franciely Bárbara Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Evicted (Day 8) Notes 1, 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Walked Bárbara Nominated for Eviction Luciele Franciely Mirella Danielle Babi Jonathan Jonathan Théo Miro Fabio Pedro Dado Danni Miro Dado Carlinhos Luciele Fabiana Mirella Jonathan Dado Jonathan Danni Dado Danni Fabiana Dado Danielle Dado Danni Dado Danni Pedro Carlinhos Dado Danni Dado Danni Evicted Franciely 45.3% Babi 50.8% Théo 51.8% Fabio 59.8% Miro 67.5% Luciele 48.4% Mirella 49.5% Jonathan 69% Fabiana 67.6% Danielle 60% Pedro 68% Carlinhos 65% Danni 17% Evicted Franciely 45.3% Babi 50.8% Théo 51.8% Fabio 59.8% Miro 67.5% Luciele 48.4% Mirella 49.5% Jonathan 69% Fabiana 67.6% Danielle 60% Pedro 68% Carlinhos 65% Dado 83% ===Notes=== * : The first Farmer of the Week (Dado) was chosen by the public through an online vote. * : Bárbara and Franciely were tied with 4 votes each. First nominee Luciele, the first nominee, had the casting vote and chose to nominate Franciely. * : Luciele and Miro were tied with 3 votes each. First nominee Danni had the casting vote and chose to nominate Miro. * : Luciele and Mirella were tied with 2 votes each. First nominee Carlinhos had the casting vote and chose to nominate Luciele. * : Danni and Fabiana were tied with 2 votes each. First nominee Jonathan had the casting vote and chose to nominate Danni. * : Dado and Fabiana were tied with 2 votes each. First nominee Danni had the casting vote and chose to nominate Fabiana. * : Carlinhos and Dado were tied with 2 votes each. First nominee Danielle had the casting vote and chose to nominate Dado. * : Carlinhos won the final challenge and won immunity. Therefore, Dado, Danni and Pedro were automatically nominated. * : The final three contestants were automatically nominated for the final eviction. * : For the final, the public votes for the contestant they want to win A Fazenda 1. ==References== ==External links== * Official Site Category:A Fazenda Category:2009 Brazilian television seasons
25923604	A Child's Christmases in Wales	A Child's Christmases in Wales was a 2009 one-off period comedy written by comedian Mark Watson, starring Ruth Jones, Paul Kaye, and Steve Speirs. It was shown on BBC Four in December 2009, and repeated on BBC Two. Since November 2017, it is available to watch on BritBox. ==Plot== An adaption of the Dylan Thomas classic, A Child's Christmas in Wales, and filmed in the small mining town of Ferndale, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, has Owen Rhys reminiscing on Christmas-past (1983, 1986 and 1989). Every Christmas, Owen's uncle Huw (Steve Speirs), a successful and divorced man, his son, Maurice, and Uncle Gorwell (Paul Kaye) come to Owen's family house to stay. As we follow the family through the 1980s, the boys grow into teenagers, whilst Owen's father Geraint (Mark Lewis Jones) and his uncles seem to regress into childish behaviour and sibling rivalry. Geraint and his brothers bicker and undermine each other and Owen's mother Brenda (Ruth Jones) tries to stop everything falling to pieces. Despite all the petty rows and rivalries, eventually the members of the family learn to appreciate each other and realise Christmas wouldn't be the same without each other. ==Cast== * Brenda Rhys (Mum) - Ruth Jones - Owen's mother, Geraint's wife, Maurice's aunt and Huw and Gorwel's sister-in-law. * Geraint Rhys (Dad) - Mark Lewis Jones - Owen's father, Brenda's husband, Maurice's uncle and Huw and Gorwel's brother. * Huw Rhys - Steve Speirs - Owen's uncle, Geraint and Gorwel's brother and Maurice's father. * Gorwel Rhys - Paul Kaye - Owen and Maurice's uncle and Geraint and Huw's brother. * Owen Rhys (aged 9 and 12) - Oliver Bunyan - Brenda and Geraint's son, Maurice's cousin and Huw and Gorwel's nephew **Mark Charles Williams portrays a 15-year-old Owen * Maurice Rhys (aged 9 and 12) - Jamie Burch - Huw's son, Owen's cousin and Brenda, Geraint and Gorwel's nephew. ** Rhys McLellan portrays a 15-year-old Maurice * Carol singer - Alex Beckett * Narrator (Adult Owen) - Michael Sheen The show was directed by Chris Gernon, and produced by Steve Doherty and Juliet Charlesworth ==See also== * List of Christmas films ==References== Category:2009 television specials Category:Television shows set in Wales Category:British television films Category:British Christmas films Category:Films based on works by Dylan Thomas Category:Christmas television films Category:Films set in 1983 Category:Films set in 1986 Category:Films set in 1989
2598101	A Change Is Gonna Come (Leela James album)	A Change Is Gonna Come is the debut album by American soul singer–songwriter Leela James. It was released on Warner Bros. Records on June 21, 2005 in the United States. ==Overview== James covers Sam Cooke's "A Change Is Gonna Come" and No Doubt's "Don't Speak" on the album. ==Critical reception== Allmusic editor Andy Kellman wrote that the album "retains a nostalgic tint. James has the stature of a woman who should possess a squeaky voice, but she sings with demonstrative grit. More importantly, she doesn't see her inspirations merely as artists to mimic; she sees how they learned from the past and applied it to the present. The past is built upon (if only a little), rather than simply revisited [...] There's plenty of thematic range, whether there are blue lights in the basement, tears on the pillow, sweat on the dancefloor, or sun showers on the porch." ==Track listing== Credits adapted from the liner notes of A Change Is Gonna Come. Notes * denotes co-producer Sample credits *"Good Time" contains replayed elements from "Funky Sensation", written by Kenton Nix, performed by Gwen McCrae. *"When You Love Somebody" contains elements of "I Love You More Than You'll Ever Know", written by Al Kooper. *"Didn't I" embodies portions of "I Can't Fake It Anymore", written by D. Monda and T. Taylor. *"Long Time Coming" embodies portions of "The Truth", written by Dwight Grant, Kanye West and Graham Nash. ==Charts== Chart (2005) Peak position ==References== ==External links== * Category:2005 debut albums Category:Leela James albums Category:Albums produced by Kanye West Category:Albums produced by Raphael Saadiq Category:Albums produced by Wyclef Jean Category:Warner Records albums
25993670	A Kiss for Cinderella (film)	300px|right|thumb|The full film A Kiss for Cinderella is a 1925 American silent fantasy film taken from the 1916 stage play by James M. Barrie. The film stars Betty Bronson and Tom Moore and was made at Paramount's Astoria Studios in Astoria, Queens. The play had starred stage actress Maude Adams in the Bronson role.The American Film Institute Catalog Feature Films: 1921-30 by The American Film Institute, c.1971The AFI Catalog of Feature Films:..A Kiss for CinderellaA Kiss for Cinderella at silentera.comMagill's Survey of Silent Films, Vol2. FLE-POT p.634 edited by Frank N. Magill c.1982 (3 book set ) Retrieved June 27, 2018 The film was directed by Herbert Brenon who had also directed the 1924 film version of Barrie's Peter Pan, which also starred Bronson. Tom Moore had previously costarred in The Cinderella Man for Goldwyn in 1917 alongside Mae Marsh. ==Plot== As described in a film magazine review, Jane, a house slavey who dreams of a Prince Charming, is named Cinderella by an artist whose studio she cleans because she always talks of wonderful things that will one day befall her. A policeman who at first suspects her of some mischief falls in love with her, and, after she recovers from an illness caused by exposure, he proposes and is accepted. ==Cast== ==Preservation== Prints of A Kiss for Cinderella are preserved at the Museum of Modern Art, New York, George Eastman Museum Motion Picture Collection, UCLA Film and Television Archive, and the foreign archive Cinematheque Royale de Belgique (Brussels).The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: A Kiss for Cinderella ==References== ==External links== * * *Theatrical poster for A Kiss for Cinderella *Larger version of the lobby poster for A Kiss for Cinderella Category:1925 films Category:Paramount Pictures films Category:American silent feature films Category:1920s fantasy drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films based on works by J. M. Barrie Category:Films set in London Category:Films set in the 1910s Category:Films directed by Herbert Brenon Category:American fantasy drama films Category:Films shot at Astoria Studios Category:Surviving American silent films Category:1925 drama films Category:American films based on plays Category:1920s American films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1920s English-language films
26062371	A Bouquet of Barbed Wire	A Bouquet of Barbed Wire may refer to: *Bouquet of Barbed Wire (novel), a 1969 novel by Andrea Newman *Bouquet of Barbed Wire a 1976 and 2010 TV series based on the novel by Andrea Newman *"A Bouquet of Barbed Wine", a 1991 episode of Minder TV series
26252280	A Bigger Splash	A Bigger Splash is a large pop art painting by British artist David Hockney. Measuring by , it depicts a swimming pool beside a modern house, disturbed by a large splash of water created by an unseen figure who has apparently just jumped in from a diving board. It was painted in California between April and June 1967, when Hockney was teaching at the University of California, Berkeley. Jack Hazan's fictionalised 1973 biopic, A Bigger Splash, concentrating on the breakup of Hockney's relationship with Peter Schlesinger, was named after the painting. Luca Guadagnino's 2015 film A Bigger Splash (a loose remake of La Piscine) was also named after the painting. == Description == A Bigger Splash shows a typical California day – warm and sunny, with a cloudless blue sky. In the background, two palm trees loom over a large single-story house, with flat roof and large sliding glass doors, in front of which an empty director's chair with thin crossed legs stands on a wide pink patio. A shadow under the chair suggests that the sun is high in the sky, around noon. In the foreground, a yellow diving board slants away from lower right corner, leading the viewer's gaze towards the centre of a large swimming pool, where water fountains into the air, capturing the moment right after someone has dived in. The diver is not visible, presumably still under the water. The chair lies further back along the same diagonal line. A thickening in the white line atop the building's flat roof emphasizes the place where the diver has entered the water.WebMuseum Hockney's composition is based on a photograph of a swimming pool in a book and an earlier drawing by Hockney of Californian buildings. It was created with meticulous care, simplified, but enlarging his earlier paintings entitled A Little Splash (1966) and The Splash (1966) (both are held in private collections; the latter was sold for £2.6 million in 2006Hockney painting sells for £2.6m, BBC News, 22 June 2006The Splash, Sotheby's, 21 June 2006 and for £23.1 million in 2020, both times by auction at Sotheby's in London). The canvas – almost a perfect square – is dominated by the strong vertical and horizontal lines of the trees, the building, and the edge of the pool; it is divided evenly into the sky, building and patio in the upper half, and the pool and diving board in the lower half. The rectilinear composition is broken by the oblique thrust of the diving board. The calmness of the overall composition contrasts with the violent explosion of water caused by diver. Hockney has expressed his pleasure at taking two weeks to paint a moment that lasted two seconds.Tate catalogue, quoting David Hockney by David Hockney In a March 2009 interview for the Tate, to the question "Who jumped into the pool?" Hockney answers: "I don't know actually. It was done from a photograph of a splash. That I haven't taken, but that's what it's commenting on. The stillness of an image. (...) Most of the painting was spent on the splash and the splash lasts two seconds and the building is permanent there. That's what it's about actually. You have to look in at the details."Tate: The archive twitter with David Hockney == Composition == The painting was made using acrylic Liquitex on a white cotton duck canvas, with no underdrawing. Hockney uses a limited palette – cobalt blue, ultramarine blue, raw sienna, burnt sienna, raw umber, Hooker's green, Naples yellow and titanium white – applied either mixed together or as tints. Apart from the splash, the painting was finished very evenly and flat with a paint roller, in two or three layers, with the few details – tree, grass, chair, reflections – overpainted. The central splash was heavily worked over a period of about two weeks using a variety of small brushes. A wide border and central narrow stripe at the pool's edge are left unpainted. The border creates an effect like a Polaroid photograph. The painting has been viewed as a critical link in Hockney's ruminations on time between his earlier Picture Emphasising Stillness and his later "joiners" portraits, created by collaging many photographs of the same subject taken over a period of hours.David Hockney, Paul Melia, Manchester University Press, 1995, == Sale history == The Marquess of Dufferin and Ava bought the finished work from John Kasmin's gallery in 1968, and sold it to the Tate in 1981. ==Notes== ==References== *Full catalogue entry from The Tate *A Bigger Splash, WebMuseum *Hockney, David: A Bigger Splash (1967), The Independent, 11 May 2007 ==External links== *British artist David Hockney on A Bigger Splash, BBC Nottingham, 30 November 2009 (video) Category:Pop art Category:1967 paintings Category:Paintings by David Hockney Category:Collection of the Tate galleries Category:Water in art Category:California in art
26279829	A Boy	"A Boy" (, Sonyeoniyeo) is a song recorded by the South Korean singer G-Dragon. It was released as the fourth and final single from his debut album Heartbreaker. G-Dragon stated that the song was released as an answer to the plagiarism controversy that surrounded his singles "Heartbreaker" and "Butterfly" when several people were telling him to quit singing, with G-Dragon answering that he "will not quit." ==Release== Although the end of G-Dragon's music video for "Breathe" included a teaser the music video for "A Boy", the single was not released as the next single. Instead, G-Dragon released the song "Butterfly". A couple of weeks after the release of "Butterfly", "Soneoniya" was officially confirmed and released as the fourth and final promotional single for the album. G-Dragon stated that the song's lyrics, which were written by himself, were about the thoughts and struggles he went through as a young boy when he became YG trainee at the age of 13.Han, Sang-hee. G-Dragon to Hold 1st Solo Concert The Korea Times. Retrieved January 2, 2010. ==Track listing== # "A Boy" – 3:29 ==Music video== Similar to the music video of "Butterfly", "Sonyeoniya"'s music video is heavily composed of computer graphics. Unlike that of his previous music videos (which included either a stylized dance or a storyline), the music featured various changing graphics and G-Dragon singing. The Music Video expresses G-Dragon's emotions and his struggles explained in the lyrics of the song. ==References== ==External links== * Official Website Category:2009 singles Category:Korean- language songs Category:G-Dragon songs Category:2009 songs Category:YG Entertainment singles Category:Songs written by G-Dragon
26346249	A Light in the Black	A Light in the Black is the first novel by Chris Westwood, a British author of children's and young adult fiction. It was first published in the UK in 1989 by Viking Kestrel (part of the Penguin Group) and in the US in 1991 by HarperCollins Children's Books. Listed in Children's Books Of Year 1990 (. Andersen Press) and short-listed for the Guardian Children's Fiction Prize 1990.Author biography == Reviews == Michael Baldwin, The Guardian: In Chris Westwood's A Light in the Black (Kestrel) a hypnotic stranger drops into town and the locals begin to drop out. Is Mr Stands a zombie, an alien, or just extremely odd? The plot may be as old as the Pied Piper of Hamelin, but the writer is extraordinarily — no, paranormally — compelling, and gives off a very sinister glitter.Baldwin, Michael. With Fearful Pleasure, The Guardian, 28 September 1989. ==References== Category:1989 British novels Category:Novels by Chris Westwood Category:British horror novels Category:British children's novels Category:Penguin Books books Category:1989 children's books Category:1989 debut novels
26483494	A Girl Called Jules	A Girl Called Jules () is a 1970 Italian drama film directed by Tonino Valerii. ==Cast== * Silvia Dionisio as Jules * Gianni Macchia as Franco * Esmeralda Ruspoli as Laura, mother of Jules * Anna Moffo as Lia * Maurizio Degli Esposti as Lorenzo * John Steiner as the guardian * Roberto Chevalier as Camillo * Livio Barbo as Amerigo * Riccardo Garrone as Carvalli * Raúl Martínez as Luciano * Malisa Longo as Serafina * Nino Nini as priest of Santa Maria del Giglio * Umberto Raho as Father Dario, the confessor * Ivano Staccioli as Professor of philosophy * Tonino Valerii (cameo) ==Production== After directing three Spaghetti Western films, director Tonino Valerii was worried about being typecast as a director of only Spaghetti Westerns. He began exploring other genres and was initially interested in adapting Livia De Stefani's novel Black Grapes. The original story of Black Grapes involved gangsters, a topic that became popular in Italy after the release of Damiano Damiani's The Day of the Owl. Valerii was introduced to producer Francesco Mazzei by Riz Ortolani. When approaching him for Black Grapes, Mazzei countered the offer to film an adaptation of La ragazza di nome Giulio. Screenplay credits on the actual film prints state that Marcello Coscia, Bruno Di Geronimo, Maurio Di Nardo, Francesco Mazzei and Valerii are responsible for the film's screenplay. Valerii disregarded this stating that these people "did not actually write the film!" and that the film was written by Giuseppe Murgia and Beppe Bellecca. Joan Fontaine was originally cast to play Laura, the title character's mother, but she left the set a few days before the end of shooting due to economic disagreements with the producer Francesco Mazzei;Roberto Curti, Il mio nome è Nessuno. Lo spaghetti western secondo Tonino Valerii, Unmondoaparte, Roma 2008. she was replaced by Esmeralda Ruspoli and all her scenes had to be reshot. The film received mixed reviews. ==Release== A Girl Called Jules was distributed theatrically in Italy by PAC where it was first shown in Italy on 26 June 1970. The film grossed a total of 542.076 million Italian lire domestically. It was entered into the 20th Berlin International Film Festival where it was supposed to be screened on the last day of the festival, but the screening was eventually cancelled as the festival was interrupted on 5 July 1970. ==References== ===Footnotes=== ===Sources=== * ==External links== * *DVD of the film Category:1970 films Category:1970 drama films Category:Italian drama films Category:Films directed by Tonino Valerii Category:Films scored by Riz Ortolani Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s Italian films
2649212	A Dead Man in Deptford	A Dead Man in Deptford is a 1993 novel by Anthony Burgess, the last to be published during his lifetime. It depicts the life and character of Christopher Marlowe, a renowned playwright of the Elizabethan era. ==Plot== Reckless but brilliant Cambridge scholar Christopher "Kit" Marlowe is conscripted by Francis Walsingham to be a spy for Queen Elizabeth. Kit and Walsingham's young cousin Thomas experience love at first sight. Kit is soon sent to the English college at Rheims to ferret out recusants conspiring against the Queen and her Church of England. Walsingham and his agents discover a conspiracy, later known as the Babington Plot, to assassinate Elizabeth I. They use this discovery as a means to effect the execution of Elizabeth's rival, Mary, Queen of Scots. Kit is instrumental in the arrest of the conspirators, but horrified by their execution. Marlowe is portrayed as a secretive, solitary and eventually isolated person. Burgess explores his sexual addiction and passion for the theatre. ==Adaptation== A feature film adaptation was announced in September 2010, starring Sam Riley as Kit and costarring James Purefoy, Ray Winstone, Ed Speleers, and Adam Sinclair in undisclosed roles. The screenplay was written by Michael Elias, and Nick Copus was set to direct. ==References== Category:1993 British novels Category:Christopher Marlowe Category:Hutchinson (publisher) books Category:Novels by Anthony Burgess Category:Novels set in the 16th century Category:Novels with gay themes
26499171	A Boy Called Dad	A Boy Called Dad is a 2009 British drama film, produced by Made Up North Productions. It is the feature film debut of director Brian Percival, screenwriter Julie Rutterford, producers Michael Knowles and Stacey Murray, and co-producer Mark John. It stars Ian Hart and Kyle Ward as father and son. ==Plot== A Boy Called Dad tells the story of Robbie, a fourteen-year-old boy who has just become a father. Robbie wishes to take responsibility for his baby son, Elliot, but the mother wants nothing more to do with him. A near- accident reunites Robbie with his estranged father, Joe, and for a while their relationship flourishes. But Joe proves a feckless, unreliable man, and Robbie realizes he does not want to be the same kind of father to his own child. After seeing the baby with his mother and her abusive new boyfriend, Robbie decides to take action. Confrontation leads to violence, and Robbie kidnaps his son and goes on the run. Travelling cross-country, he meets Nia, a traumatized young woman who has some ugly family issues to resolve. Meanwhile, an increasingly guilt-ridden Joe searches for Robbie, trying to guess where he might go next. His search leads to a final confrontation between Joe and Robbie, in which each is forced to face up to the past. The police soon arrive and Robbie gives Joe his son. In the end, Robbie says "They reckon that when you're drowning, you see your life flash before ya. But I didn't, I saw someone else's life, it was my son's, Elliot." ==Cast== *Kyle Ward as Robbie *Ian Hart as Joe *Charlene McKenna as Nia *Sacha Parkinson as Leanne *Louise Delamere as Lynda *Steve Evets as Mr. Whippy *Crissy Rock as Chip Shop Woman ==Festival screenings== A Boy Called Dad received its world premiere at the Edinburgh Film Festival in 2009, where it was nominated for the Michael Powell award and Kyle Ward received a Trailblazer award. The film was also voted an audience favorite at the festival. The film has since gone on to screen in at the 4th International Rome Film Festival, the CineMagic in Belfast, and to a home crowd at the Salford Film Festival. A Boy Called Dad was released on DVD on 14 August 2010. ==References== ==External links== * *Made Up North Productions Website Category:2009 films Category:2009 drama films Category:British drama films Category:Social realism in film Category:Films directed by Brian Percival Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s British films
267083	A Gift Upon the Shore	A Gift Upon the Shore is a post-apocalyptic fiction novel by American author M. K. Wren and published by Ballantine Books in 1990. The story follows two women, an artist and a writer, who survive pandemic, the collapse of civilization, and a deadly nuclear winter. ==Plot summary== Set in the near future, A Gift traces the first generations to survive nuclear war and its aftermath. Writer Mary Hope and painter Rachel Morrow scratch out a meager existence on a farm called Amarna on the Oregon coast. They are determined to collect and preserve for a new civilization all the great books of western culture. Farther down the coast lives the Arkites, a fundamentalist group that denies all knowledge not found in the Bible. After a plague strikes the Arkites Mary agrees to take in a few survivors on the condition that she be allowed to educate the children as she sees fit. ==Reception== Publishers Weekly called the novel "unsparing but ultimately hopeful...Wren's post- nuclear world rings true, as do her compelling depictions of the subsistence- level daily life--the triumphs, the losses and the desperation." Kirkus Reviews dubbed the novel as "Beautifully realized, with solid characters, but unoriginal, obvious, implausible, obtrusively symbolic, and far too slow in the development: more admirable than practical." The Los Angeles Times commented: "This cautionary novel is scarier than anything by Stephen King or Clive Barker...Wren’s writing is clear and concise for the most part, though bordering on the mystic when it comes to her descriptions of the woods, and especially the ocean in its many moods." ==References== Category:1990 novels Category:Post-apocalyptic novels Category:Ballantine Books books
2684115	A Diarista	A Diarista (in Portuguese, literally "The Daily Help") is a Brazilian television sitcom directed by José Alvarenga Jr. and written by Aloísio de Abreu and Bruno Mazzeo. The series aired from 13 April 2004 to 31 July 2007 on Rede Globo. ==Plot== It shows the life and problems of Marinete (Cláudia Rodrigues), a cleaning lady with a short temper. She always ends up depending on her friends, who are distracted by any stupid thing and leave her to solve things on her own. ==Cast== * Claúdia Rodrigues as Marinete / Maria Elizabeth * Dira Paes as Solineuza / Sônia Neiva * Sérgio Loroza as Figueirinha * Helena Fernandes as Ipanema de Jesus (seasons 2–4) * Cláudia Mello as Dalila * Renata Castro Barbosa as Gislene (seasons 1–3) * Leandro Firmino as Figueira (season 1) ==Pilot== The pilot episode was written by Glória Perez and was aired on 21 December 2003 on Sunday at 11:00 PM. ==Seasons== Season Timeslot Season premiere Season finale Episodes TV season 1 Tuesday 11:00 PM 13 April 2004 21 December 2004 37 2004 2 Tuesday 11:00 PM 5 April 2005 20 December 2005 36 2005 3 Tuesday 11:00 PM 4 April 2006 19 December 2006 31 2006 4 Tuesday 11:00 PM 10 April 2007 31 July 2007 15 2007 Category:2000s sitcoms Category:2004 Brazilian television series debuts Category:2007 Brazilian television series endings Category:Brazilian comedy television series Category:Portuguese-language television shows Category:Rede Globo original programming Category:Telenovelas by Glória Perez
26859160	A Cup of Kindness (film)	A Cup of Kindness is a 1934 British comedy film directed by and starring Tom Walls. It also featured Ralph Lynn, Robertson Hare, Dorothy Hyson and Claude Hulbert.BFI.org It was based on a 1929 play by Ben Travers of the same name, one of the Aldwych farces, and had four of the same cast members. Graham Moffatt, later of Will Hay fame, made his debut appearance as a choir boy in this film."Aldwych Theatre", The Times, 8 May 1929, p. 14 ==Plot== The son and daughter of two feuding families announce their upcoming marriage, to widespread uproar. ==Cast== * Tom Walls as Fred Tutt * Ralph Lynn as Charlie Tutt * Robertson Hare as Ernest Ramsbottom * Dorothy Hyson as Betty Ramsbottom * Claude Hulbert as Stanley Tutt * Marie Wright as Mrs Ramsbottom * Eva Moore as Mrs Tutt * Veronica Rose as Tilly Wynn * Gordon James as Nicholas Ramsbottom ==References== ==External links== * Category:1934 comedy films Category:1934 films Category:Aldwych farce Category:British comedy films Category:1930s English-language films Category:Films set in London Category:Films directed by Tom Walls Category:Gainsborough Pictures films Category:Films shot at Lime Grove Studios Category:British black-and-white films Category:1930s British films
26859770	A Captain's Duty	A Captain's Duty: Somali Pirates, Navy SEALs, and Dangerous Days at Sea is a book by Captain Richard Phillips, the captain of the container ship MV Maersk Alabama when it was hijacked in 2009. It was written with Stephan Talty and published by Hyperion on April 6, 2010 (and on audio by Tantor). It was adapted in a 2013 film, Captain Phillips. The book tells the story of Phillips' capture and hostage-taking by Somali pirates in April 2009. It alternates between his five-day ordeal and the plight of his family in Vermont, watching the drama unfold on cable news. ABC News reported that the publication of his book coincided with a rise in concern about piracy. == Plot == Phillips was a mariner of 30 years' experience when his ship was taken. He took extensive security precautions to keep his crew safe and hidden, leaving himself as the only possible hostage. This led to an ordeal of several days in a lifeboat in the hands of pirates, whom Phillips portrays as alternately conciliatory, vicious, and unfocused. Meanwhile, the U.S. Navy assembled a large task force, and tensions steadily rose, as did Phillips’ fear for his life. The book details Phillips' attempted escape and eventual rescue by U.S. Navy SEALs, and portrays Phillips' wife Andrea as loyal and strong-willed. ==Reception== Publishers Weekly review stated, "Phillips has a sailor's penchant for the dramatic, which he puts to good use alternating between his own five-day ordeal-replete with Navy SEALs and a daring escape attempt-and the plight of his family in Vermont, watching the drama unfold on cable news. Despite his harrowing experience, Phillips stays afloat with steadfast faith and an unfailing sense of humor that are, ultimately, rewarded. Phillips's story is not just riveting and timely, but also an informative, heartening look at perhaps the least-celebrated branch of the U.S. military, the Merchant Marines." A reviewer of Penguin website wrote, "In A Captain's Duty, Richard Phillips tells his own extraordinary story - that of an ordinary man who did what he saw as his duty and in so doing became a hero. It is a thrilling true tale of adventure and courage in the face of deprivation, death threats and mock executions and also a compulsively readable first-hand account of the terrors of high-seas hostage-taking." == Film adaptation == Columbia Pictures optioned the book and acquired the life rights to Phillips in spring 2009.Kit, Borys. "Tom Hanks to Play Capt. Richard Phillips in Somali Pirate Hostage Story," The Hollywood Reporter (March 15, 2011). Barkhad Abdi starred as the lead Somali pirate, Tom Hanks starred as Phillips and Faysal Ahmed as Najee in a Columbia film based on the hijacking and Phillips's book, scripted by Billy Ray, and produced by the team behind The Social Network. The film, entitled Captain Phillips, was released on October 11, 2013, to widespread critical acclaim. ==References== Category:American non-fiction books Category:2010 non- fiction books Category:Piracy in Somalia Category:2009 in Somalia
26861924	A Little Life-Opera	A Little Life-Opera () is a 1998 Hong Kong film directed by Allen Fong. The film, set in Fujian province, is filmed in the People's Republic of China and stars Yang Kuei-Mei and Winston Chao. The dialogs of the film are entirely in Hokkien (Min Nan) and Mandarin. It is Fong's last feature film as he has not made any more feature movies since. ==Synopsis== Xueyan (雪雁, played by Yang Kuei-Mei) is a 40-something single mother who lives in the coastal region of Fujian province. She has a daughter in her late teens and is part of a part- time Min opera troupe from the village. When she is invited to perform with her troupe members for a show, she comes across Sanpeng (三朋, Winston Chao), a former troupe actor who is now a businessman. Meanwhile, the troupe struggles to survive as modernity and Western habits clash with the traditional performance art. ==External links== * IMDb entry Category:1998 films Category:Hong Kong drama films Category:1990s Mandarin-language films Category:Films directed by Allen Fong Category:1990s Hong Kong films Category:Films about Chinese opera
2686574	A Hole in Texas	A Hole In Texas is a novel by Herman Wouk. Published in 2004, the book describes the adventures of a high-energy physicist following the surprise announcement that a Chinese physicist (with whom he had a long-ago romance) had discovered the long-sought Higgs boson. Parts of the plot are based on the aborted Superconducting Super Collider project. Published by Little, Brown and Company, . ==Literary significance and reception== Kirkus Reviews said that A Hole In Texas was "Ingenious. Absolutely ingenious." Publishers Weekly called it "Occasionally corny but also playful, thoughtful and passionate". The journal Science said that Wouk "accurately depicts science as an often interactive and collegial enterprise", and that the novel offers a "refreshing contrast with the treatments of mad scientists that are so abundant in literature and popular culture." The review in Nature had some criticism, saying that the "scientific explanations are pat and usually come in the form of long e-mails that bog down the plot", that the discussions of the Chinese people "verge on racism", and that the book's ending "falls flat". ==Notes== Category:2004 American novels Category:Novels about NASA Category:Novels by Herman Wouk Category:Novels set in Texas Category:Works about particle physics
26866318	A Beautiful Exchange	A Beautiful Exchange is the nineteenth album in the live praise and worship series of contemporary worship by Hillsong Church. It was recorded at the Sydney Entertainment Centre and Hillsong Church in Australia by Reuben Morgan, Darlene Zschech, Joel Houston and the Hillsong Worship Team. The album was released in the United States on 29 June 2010 in partnership with EMI. These worship songs explore themes including sacrifice and redemption ("Beautiful Exchange"), love ("Our God Is Love") and hope ("Forever Reign"), which is also the first radio single. Hillsong Live albums are led by worship leaders including Reuben Morgan, Joel Houston, Ben Fielding and Darlene Zschech. Other key songs include: "Open My Eyes" (sung by Reuben Morgan), "The One Who Saves" (sung by Ben Fielding) and "Greatness Of Our God" (sung by Darlene Zschech). Many of the songs were written by Reuben Morgan with other authors such as Jason Ingram, Stu Garrard, Ben Fielding and Darlene Zschech. On 9 July 2010 the album debuted at No. 1 on the US Billboard Christian Albums Chart and at No. 40 on the US Billboard 200 chart. During the initial week on the charts it remained in the top 3. And this was also the last official album to feature Brooke Fraser as a worship leader until her return to Hillsong Worship six years later (with the release of the band's 2016 live album "Let There Be Light") ==Track listing (CD)== Song Author Worship Leader Supporting Vocal Duration Our God Is Love Joel Houston, Scott Ligertwood Joel Houston 4:04 Open My Eyes Reuben Morgan, Braden Lang Reuben Morgan 4:02 Forever Reign Jason Ingram, Reuben Morgan Jad Gillies 5:43 The One Who Saves Ben Fielding Ben Fielding Darlene Zschech 6:24 Like Incense / Sometimes by Step Brooke Fraser / David Strasser, Rich Mullins Brooke Fraser Jad Gillies, Annie Garratt 7:41 The Greatness Of Our God Jason Ingram, Stu Garrard, Reuben Morgan Darlene Zschech Marcus Temu (DVD) 5:49 / 6:24 (DVD) The Father's Heart Jorim Kelly, Gio Galanti Jorim Kelly None 6:04 You Joel Houston Joel Houston 4:29 Love Like Fire Matt Crocker Matt Crocker None 6:16 Believe Reuben Morgan, Darlene Zschech Darlene Zschech Jad Gillies 4:16 / 6:00 (DVD) Beautiful Exchange Joel Houston Joel Houston, Annie Garratt 10:43 Thank You Ben Fielding, Reuben Morgan Reuben Morgan Jad Gillies, Jill McCloghry 5:25 Forever Reign (Radio Version) Jason Ingram, Reuben Morgan Jad Gillies None 4:09 ==Track listing (DVD/Blu-Ray)== # "You" # "Open My Eyes" # "Forever Reign" # "The One Who Saves" # "Like Incense / Sometimes by Step" # "The Greatness of Our God" # "The Father's Heart" # "Our God Is Love" # "Love Like Fire" # "Believe" # "Thank You" # "Beautiful Exchange" ===Bonus features=== "Documentary: A Beautiful Exchange – Behind the Screens" Hillsong London # "The Answer" (Reuben Morgan and Braden Lang) Worship leader: Peter Wilson # "God Our Salvation" (Jay Cook and Dave Tymoszuk) Worship leader: Jay Cook # "For All You Are / You Are Good" (David Kennedy / Dave George) Worship leader: Ingrid Boe-Kennedy, Jay Cook / Juliet Adekambi # "All Things New" (Dave George and Tim Steer) Worship leader: Dave George # "Glorious One / To Bring You Glory" (Reuben Morgan and Jay Cook / Dave Tymoszuk) Worship leader: Jay Cook ==Reception== Ryan Barbee of Jesus Freak Hideout said the highlight of the album is Brooke Fraser's "Like Incense/Sometimes By Step" and called it "one of the most intimate tracks Hillsong has put out to date". He also wrote: A Beautiful Exchange has some very powerful moments and some weak ones. However, we as listeners are outsiders looking in. You might not find everything you're looking for in [it] but you'll definitely find a heart of worship." Kim Jones of About.com called the album "beautiful, warm and intimate" and concluded, "A Beautiful Exchange will suck you in and deliver you to the feet of your Savior - and your day will be all the better for it." ===Awards=== The album was nominated for two Dove Awards: Praise & Worship Album of the Year and Long Form Music Video of the Year, at the 42nd GMA Dove Awards.42nd Annual GMA Dove Awards Nominees on DoveAwards.com ==Personnel== Worship leaders: *Darlene Zschech – senior worship leader, senior lead vocal, songwriter *Reuben Morgan – worship pastor, worship leader, frontline singer, songwriter, producer *Joel Houston – creative director, worship leader, frontline singer, songwriter, producer *Brooke Fraser – worship leader, frontline singer, songwriter *Jad Gillies – worship leader, frontline singer *Annie Garratt – worship leader, frontline singer *Matt Crocker – worship leader, songwriter *Ben Fielding – worship leader, frontline singer, songwriter *Jorim Kelly \- worship leader *Peter Wilson \- worship leader (bonus feature only) *Jay Cook \- worship leader (bonus feature only) *Dave George \- worship leader (bonus feature only) *Ingrid Boe-Kennedy \- worship leader (bonus feature only) *Juliet Adekambi \- worship leader (bonus feature only) Frontline singers: *Jonathon Douglass *Jill McCloghry *Mia Fieldes *Braden Lang *David Ware *Laura Toganivalu *Marcus Temu *David Hodgson *Sheila Gallegos *Andy Barrow *Terrence Ryan *Tristan Perdriau *Joanna Norden *Jessie Malcolm *Michelle Grigg *Collena Gillespie *Sherrod Dine *Niki Carless *Billy Conway Music directors: *Autumn Hardman *Nigel Hendroff Drums: *Brandon Gillies, Simon Kobler, Rolf Wam Fjell Bass: *Adam Crosariol, Ntando "Bob" Mpofu, Matt Tennikoff, Ben Whincop Electric guitars: *Ben Fielding, Nigel Hendroff, Timon Klein, Isaac Soon, Dylan Thomas, Jorim Kelly and Reuben Morgan Acoustic guitars: *Matt Crocker, Ben Fielding, Jad Gillies, Nigel Hendroff, Joel Houston, Brooke Ligertwood, Reuben Morgan, Peter Wilson Keyboards: *David Andrew, Autumn Hardman, Peter James, Dave George Violins: *Hanna Crezee, Lauren Hodges Cello: *Jared Dahl Trombone: *Marc Warry French Horn: *Elizabeth Gorringe Trumpet: *Tim Whincop String arrangements on "Believe" by: *Vanessa James Choir: *Hillsong Church Choir Senior Pastors: *Brian and Bobbie Houston Worship Pastor: *Reuben Morgan Album Cover *'The X Concept' Cover Artwork Depicts: Reuben Morgan & Darlene Zschech == Instruments == * Nigel Hendroff: Duesenberg guitars * Ben Fielding: Duesenberg guitars and Collings guitars * Timon Klein: Gretsch guitars * Dylan Thomas: Fender guitars * Jorim Kelly: Gretsch guitars * Isaac Soon: Gibson guitars * Reuben Morgan: Rickenbacker guitars and Martin guitars * Joel Houston: Martin guitars * Jad Gillies: Gibson guitars * Brooke (Fraser) Ligertwood: Taylor guitars * Matt Crocker: Martin guitars * Ntando "Bob" Mpofu: Lakland basses ==Charts== Chart (2010) Peak position U.S. Billboard 200 40 U.S. Billboard Christian Albums 1 U.S. Billboard Digital Albums 9 ARIA Top 50 Albums Chart (Australia) 3 ;Year-end charts Chart (2010) Position US Billboard Christian Albums 37 ==References== Category:2010 live albums Category:2010 video albums Category:Live video albums Category:Hillsong Music live albums Category:Hillsong Music video albums
26928604	A Canção da Saudade	'A Canção da Saudade' is a 1964 Portuguese black-and-white film. The filming took place in a studio at Tóbis Portuguesa, Lisbon and Produções Cinematográficas Perdigão Queiroga. The film reel is 2630 m in length. A Spanish-language film of the same story, which shared the same producers and cast and crew members, was made called Los gatos negros and directed by José Luis Monter. ==Plot== A father and son get into conflict because of their different musical styles. ==Cast== *Vítor Gomes (actor) - Tony, a singer *Florbela Queirós - Cilinha (as Florbela) *Américo Coimbra - Raúl *Ismael Merlo - Leonel *Soledad Miranda - Babá *Luís Cerqueira - (as Luiz Cerqueira) *Clara Rocha - *José Manuel Simões - *Carlos Queirós (actor) - (as Carlos Queiroz) *Ruy Furtado - (as Rui Furtado) *Nicolau Breyner - *Alberto Ghira - *Fernando Frias - *Lucía Martos - *Aníbal Tapadinhas - *Lídia Franco - *José Orjas - * Carlos Rodrigues - *Jorge Alves (actor) - *Alberto Ribeiro - Himself - a singer *Alice Amaro - Herself - a singer *Tony De Matos - Himself - a singer *Simone de Oliveira - Herself - a singer *Madalena Iglésias - Herself - a singer (as Madalena) *Mara Abrantes - Herself - a singer *Saudade dos Santos - Herself - a singer *Rosário San Martin - *Jorge Fontes - ==External links== * * * * (Portuguese) * (Portuguese) * * Category:1964 musical films Category:1964 films Category:Portuguese black-and-white films Category:Portuguese musical films Category:1960s Portuguese-language films
2702304	A Description of the Northern Peoples	Historia de Gentibus Septentrionalibus is a monumental work by Olaus Magnus on the Nordic countries, printed in Rome 1555.Historia de gentibus septentrionalibus, Rome, 1555 (available free at Google Books) It long remained for the rest of Europe the authority on Swedish matters. Its popularity was increased by the numerous woodcuts of people and their customs, amazing the rest of Europe. It is still today a valuable repertory of much curious information in regard to Scandinavian customs and folklore. It was translated into Dutch (1562), Italian (1565), German (1567), and English (1658). Abridgments appeared also at Antwerp (1558 and 1562), Paris (1561), Basel (1567), Amsterdam (1586), Frankfurt (1618) and Leiden (1652). An exemplar was given to William Cecil during the Swedish king's wooing of queen Elizabeth I of England, and in 1822 it would be referred to by Sir Walter Scott.Wawn, Andrew (2000). The Vikings and the Victorians: Inventing the Old North in Nineteenth-Century Britain. Cambridge: Brewer. . pp. 17f. == Notes == == References == * Olaus Magnus (1555) Historia de Gentibus Septentrionalibus, Ashgate Pub Co, / == External links == *Historia de gentibus septentrionalibus at Project Runeberg * Category:Historiography of Sweden Category:Sources on Germanic paganism Category:1555 books Category:1555 in Sweden Category:16th- century Latin books
27395251	A Drum Is a Woman	A Drum Is a Woman is a musical allegory by American pianist, composer, and bandleader Duke Ellington and his long-time musical collaborator Billy Strayhorn. It tells the story of Madam Zajj, the personification of African rhythm, and Carribee Joe, who has his roots firmly in the jungle with his drums. Zajj travels out into the world seeking fame and sophistication and melds with the influences of cultures she weaves through the story, which gives a brief history of the rise of jazz and bebop. Originally recorded for the Columbia label in 1956, it was produced for television on the US Steel hour on May 8, 1957. The album was re-released on CD in 2004 with a bonus track. A stage performance was produced by Marc Stager June 24, 1988, at Symphony Space in New York City with pianist and arranger Chris Cherney leading the orchestra and Duke's son Mercer Ellington narrating. ==Reception== Jack Tracy stated in his five-star DownBeat review: > "A Drum is a Woman is the most ambitious project attempted by Duke Ellington > in years. It is a capsule history of jazz, it is a history of the Negro in > America, it is a history of the Ellington orchestra, and it is a folk > opera... But more than any of these it is a revealing self-portrait of Duke > Ellington." The New York Times reviewer John S. Wilson commented on the 1988 performance: > Unlike other extended Ellington works, which are primarily if not entirely > instrumental, "A Drum Is a Woman" is developed through songs and a narration > with only occasional full orchestral passages. It was powerful, rhythmic and > kaleidoscopic, with a strong vocal anchor at Friday's performance in Claudia > Hamilton, a commanding presence as Madam Zajj. Luke Dogen's Carabea [sic] > Joe was a genial, good-time companion with a strong inner core that emerged > in a positively stated love song, "You Better Know It." The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 2 stars and stated: "Dominated by vocals and narration, the music often plays a backseat to the story, which is worth hearing twice at the most". ==Track listing== :*Recorded at Columbia Records 30th Street Studio, New York on September 17 (tracks 1, 6, 7 & 13), September 24 (tracks 2 & 3), September 25 (tracks 5, 8, 10 & 14), September 28 (tracks 4 & 12), October 23 (track 11) & December 6 (tracks 9 & 15), 1956. ==Personnel== *Duke Ellington – piano, narration *Cat Anderson, Willie Cook, Ray Nance, Clark Terry – trumpet *Quentin Jackson, Britt Woodman – trombone *John Sanders – valve trombone *Jimmy Hamilton – clarinet, tenor saxophone *Rick Henderson – alto saxophone *Russell Procope – alto saxophone, clarinet *Paul Gonsalves – tenor saxophone *Harry Carney – baritone saxophone *Jimmy Woode – bass *Sam Woodyard – - drums *Cándido Camero – percussion *Joya Sherrill (5, 6, 12, 13, 14), Margaret Tynes (1, 8, 15, 16), Ozzie Bailey (3, 9, 15, 16) – vocals ==References== Category:Columbia Records albums Category:Duke Ellington albums Category:1956 albums Category:Albums recorded at CBS 30th Street Studio
27441876	A Common Confusion	"A Common Confusion" (German: "Eine alltägliche Verwirrung") is a short story by Franz Kafka. It was published posthumously in Beim Bau der Chinesischen Mauer (Berlin, 1931). The first English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Martin Secker in London in 1933. It appeared in The Great Wall of China. Stories and Reflections (New York City: Schocken Books, 1946).The Great Wall of China: Stories and Reflections. Franz Kafka - 1946 - Schocken Books == Synopsis == The story details transactions between A and B. A meets B at H and comes home pleased with the events. Following this, he meets B again, but only after a delay to the very same H he arrived at successfully previously. B is not there. To add insult to injury, A learns B had arrived early waiting for him. Thankfully he has an opportunity to explain to B what happened, but in his haste he trips and falls. He hears B above him stomping down the stairs enraged. == Analysis == The story has parallels with the dynamics of the officials within The Castle (novel).Reading modern short stories. J Thurston - 1955 - Scott, Foresman Like many of Kafka's characters the good intentions, hard work, and diligence are futile efforts in an indifferent world. Kafka begins the story by stating the events are a "common experience" suggesting the story is an example of a universal rule. ==References== ==External links== * A Common Confusion complete short story on zork.net. * (film adaptation) Category:Short stories published posthumously Category:Short stories by Franz Kafka
27493993	A Deadly Secret (film)	A Deadly Secret is a 1980 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel of the same title. The film was produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, directed by Mou Tun-fei and starred Ng Yuen-chun, Liu Lai-ling, Jason Pai, Shih Szu and Yueh Hua. ==Cast== * Ng Yuen-chun as Di Yun * Liu Lai-ling as Qi Fang * Jason Pai as Ding Dian * Shih Szu as Ling Shuanghua * Elliot Ngok as Ling Tuisi * Cho Tat-wah as Wan Zhenshan * Wei Hung as Yan Daping * Tong Kam-tong as Qi Zhangfa * Tik Wai as Wan Gui * Ngai Fei as Bu Yuan * Kwan Fung as Mei Niansheng * Jim Sam as Baoxiang ==See also== *Deadly Secret *Lian Cheng Jue ==External links== * * Category:1980 films Category:Films based on works by Jin Yong Category:Hong Kong martial arts films Category:Works based on A Deadly Secret Category:Wuxia films Category:Shaw Brothers Studio films Category:Films directed by Mou Tun-fei Category:1980s Mandarin-language films Category:1980s Hong Kong films
27514393	A Day in the Stark Corner	A Day in the Stark Corner is the third studio album by the American Dark Wave band Lycia, released on by Projekt Records. ==Recording== Mike VanPortfleet has attributed a lack of quality recording equipment as having a profound effect on Stark Corner's sound. ==Reception== Ned Raggett of AllMusic gave it 4 out of 5 stars, describing it as being "a series of similar sounding pieces which work wonderfully as an extended mood setter." In MK Ultra Issue No. 1, (1995) Peter Steele of Type O Negative said ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Adapted from the A Day in the Stark Corner liner notes. ;Lycia *Mike VanPortfleet – vocals, instruments, mixing ;Additional musicians and production *Sam Rosenthal – mixing ==Release history== Region Date Label Format Catalog United States 1993 Projekt CD, CS PRO40 ==References== == External links == * * A Day in the Stark Corner at Bandcamp * A Day in the Stark Corner at iTunes Category:1993 albums Category:Lycia (band) albums Category:Projekt Records albums
27533494	A Dream (short story)	A Dream (German: Ein Traum) is a short story by Franz Kafka.See Franz Kafka: Parable and Paradox. H. Politzer, Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1966. The narrator describes a dream in which Joseph K. is walking through a cemetery. There are tombstones around him, and the setting is typically misty and dim. Soon he sees someone carving a name on a stone, and as he approaches he notices that it is his own name. Kafka is known to have been fascinated by dreams, which he felt held great power, both creatively and emotionally.Dreams, Life, and Literature: A Study of Franz Kafka. C.S. Hall and R.E. Lind, University of North Carolina Press, 1970 ==References== === External links === * "A Dream" by Franz Kafka, full text of the short story (in EN FR DE IT ES CH). Category:Short stories by Franz Kafka Category:Short stories about dreams
27534215	A Corazón Abierto	A Corazón Abierto may refer to: *A Corazón Abierto (album), an album by Mexican pop singer Alejandro Fernández *A corazón abierto (Colombian TV series), a Colombian television series adapted from Grey's Anatomy *A corazón abierto (Mexican TV series), Mexican version of Colombian adaptation of Grey's Anatomy
27568194	A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich (film)	A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich is a 1977 film directed by Ralph Nelson about a black junior high school student who becomes a heroin addict. The screenplay was written by Alice Childress, based on her novel of the same name. It was shot on location in South Central Los Angeles.Locations at imdb.com It was Nelson's last film before his death. ==Synopsis== Thirteen- year-old Benjie (Larry B. Scott) lives in a historic but declining neighborhood with his mother Sweets (Cicely Tyson), his grandmother Mrs. Bell (Helen Martin), and his mother's boyfriend Butler (Paul Winfield), a maintenance worker and former musician. Benjie appears to be well adjusted, living in a decent house with a loving family, getting good grades in school, and spending time with his friends Jimmy Lee and Carwell. However, internally he struggles with the pain of being abandoned by his biological father, his mixed feelings about Sweets and Butler, and a growing awareness of racism in society. At Sweets' urging, Butler tries to forge a fatherly relationship with Benjie, who rejects his overtures. When Benjie tries marijuana with his friends, he enjoys the high, and soon moves on to injecting heroin provided by local drug dealer Tiger. Benjie is attracted by Tiger's flattery and glamorous lifestyle, and the heroin initially helps him cope with his feelings. He soon becomes addicted, and must support his habit by stealing from his family and delivering drugs for Tiger. After a violent confrontation with Butler over his behavior, Benjie nods out at school and is sent to a drug rehabilitation hospital, where he undergoes therapy to learn to honestly express his suppressed thoughts and feelings. He is finally released from the hospital, only to learn that Carwell has died at age 12 from a lethal shot of heroin. As Benjie struggles to stay clean, he and his family also struggle to communicate more honestly with each other, which often leads to family arguments. Unable to deal with Benjie, Butler moves out, but he and Sweets love each other too much to stay apart, and they reconcile. After Butler saves Benjie from a near- fatal accident, Benjie finally begins to trust and accept Butler as his father. ==Principal Cast== * Cicely Tyson as "Sweets" * Paul Winfield as Butler * Larry B. Scott as Benjie * Helen Martin as Mrs. Bell * Glynn Turman as "Nigeria" * David Groh as Mr. Cohen * Harold Sylvester as Doctor * Bill Cobbs as The Bartender * Erin Blunt as Carwell * Joey Green as Jimmy Lee ==Critical reception== Janet Maslin of The New York Times thought that the film was poorly executed but praised some of the acting: Jaqueline Trescott of The Washington Post felt similarly saying: ""Sandwich," now playing at several area theaters, becomes a prime social statement film of the restless high school assembly but not the riveting exploration of contemporary life its outline suggests for the mass audience. It is superficial and predictable but, worse, detached - and detachment from a monumental social problem like drugs is a disgrace...Participating in the unwieldy "Sandwich" is a fine roster of talent." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1977 films Category:African-American films Category:1970s English-language films Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films set in Los Angeles Category:Films shot in Los Angeles Category:New World Pictures films Category:Films directed by Ralph Nelson Category:American drama films Category:1970s American films
2761148	A History of Philosophy (Copleston)	A History of Philosophy is a history of Western philosophy written by the English Jesuit priest Frederick Charles Copleston originally published in nine volumes between 1946 and 1975. As is noted by The Encyclopedia Britannica, the work became a "standard introductory philosophy text for thousands of university students, particularly in its U.S. paperback edition." Since 2003 it has been marketed as an eleven volume work with two previously published other works by Copleston being added to the series. == Overview == The work provides extensive coverage of Western philosophy from the Pre-Socratics through to John Dewey, Bertrand Russell, George Edward Moore, Jean-Paul Sartre and Maurice Merleau-Ponty. Originally conceived as a three volume work covering ancient, medieval and modern philosophy, and written to serve as a textbook for use in Catholic ecclesiastical seminaries, the work grew into nine volumes published between 1946 and 1975 and to become a standard work of reference for philosophers and philosophy students that was noted for its objectivity. A tenth and eleventh volume were added to the series in 2003 (after Copleston's death in 1994) by Continuum (which later became an imprint of Bloomsbury). The tenth volume Russian Philosophy had previously appeared as Philosophy in Russia in 1986. The eleventh volume Logical Positivism and Existentialism had previously appeared as the revised 1972 edition of Contemporary Philosophy (an essay collection first published in 1956). The series has been translated into Italian, French, Spanish, Turkish, Japanese, Chinese, Romanian, Polish and Persian. ==Volume summaries== The following is a summary of details (not a full table of contents) for the eleven volumes: ===Volume 1: Greece and Rome=== Originally published in 1946, this volume covers: * Pre-Socratic philosophy * The Socratic period * Plato * Aristotle * Post-Aristotelian philosophy As with others in the series, this volume would be made available by Image Books (Doubleday) in two parts, the first ending with Plato, the second beginning with Aristotle.Copleston, Frederick Charles (1962). A History of Philosophy: Volume I, Greece & Rome Part I. Internet Archive. Garden City, N.Y., Image Books. p. 8.Copleston, Frederick Charles (1962). A History of Philosophy: Volume I, Greece & Rome Part II. Internet Archive. Garden City, N.Y.,: Image Books. p. 6. Gerard J. Hughes reports that in later years Copleston thought the first volume "deplorable" and wished that he had had the time to rewrite it. === Volume 2: Augustine to Scotus === Originally published in 1950, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle Medieval Philosophy, covers: * Pre-mediaeval Influences (including St. Augustine) * The Carolingian Renaissance * The Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Centuries * Islamic and Jewish Philosophy * The Thirteenth Century (including St. Bonaventure, St. Thomas Aquinas and Duns Scotus) Copleston also produced a work on Medieval Philosophy (1952) which, revised and expanded, became A History of Medieval Philosophy (1972). This work covered some of the same subjects as the second and third volumes of his History. Copleston would also write Aquinas (1955) expanding on his treatment of the thinker in volume 2. ===Volume 3: Ockham to Suarez=== Originally published in 1953, this volume which has also borne the subtitle Late Medieval and Renaissance Philosophy, covers: * The Fourteenth Century (including William of Ockham) * Philosophy of the Renaissance (including Francis Bacon) * Scholasticism of the Renaissance (including Francisco Suárez) Copleston also produced a work on Medieval Philosophy (1952) which, revised and expanded, became A History of Medieval Philosophy (1972). This work covered some of the same subjects as the second and third volumes of his History. ===Volume 4: Descartes to Leibniz=== Originally published in 1958, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle The Rationalists, covers: * René Descartes * Blaise Pascal * Nicolas Malebranche * Baruch Spinoza * Gottfried Leibniz ===Volume 5: Hobbes to Hume=== Originally published in 1959, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle British Philosophy, covers: * Thomas Hobbes * John Locke * Isaac Newton * George Berkeley * David Hume ===Volume 6: Wolff to Kant=== Originally published in 1960, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle The Enlightenment, covers: * The French Enlightenment (including Jean-Jacques Rousseau) * The German Enlightenment * The Rise of the Philosophy of History (including Giambattista Vico and Voltaire) * Christian Wolff * Immanuel Kant ===Volume 7: Fichte to Nietzsche=== Originally published in 1963, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle 18th and 19th Century German Philosophy, covers: * Johann Gottlieb Fichte * Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling * Friedrich Schleiermacher * Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel * Arthur Schopenhauer * The Transformation of Idealism (including Ludwig Feuerbach and Max Stirner) * Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels * Søren Kierkegaard * Neo-Kantianism * Friedrich Nietzsche Copleston also wrote separate works on two of the philosophers treated in this volume: Friedrich Nietzsche: Philosopher of Culture (1942), a work expanded in 1975, and Arthur Schopenhauer: Philosopher of Pessimism (1946). He was also interviewed by Bryan Magee on Schopenhauer for BBC Television in 1987., The Great Philosophers BBC 1987, (on YouTube) ===Volume 8: Bentham to Russell=== Originally published in 1966, this volume, which has also borne the subtitle Utilitarianism to Early Analytic Philosophy, covers: * British Empiricism (including John Stuart Mill and Herbert Spencer) * The Idealist Movement in Great Britain (including Francis Herbert Bradley and Bernard Bosanquet) * Idealism in America (including Josiah Royce) * The Pragmatist Movement (including Charles Sanders Peirce, William James, and John Dewey) * The Revolt Against Idealism (including George Edward Moore and Bertrand Russell) ===Volume 9: Maine de Biran to Sartre=== Originally published in 1975, this volume which has also borne the subtitle 19th and 20th Century French Philosophy covers: * From the French Revolution to Auguste Comte (including Maine de Biran) * From Auguste Comte to Henri Bergson * From Henri Bergson to Jean-Paul Sartre (including Maurice Merleau-Ponty) ===Volume 10: Russian Philosophy=== Though (according to Gerard J. Hughes) a tenth volume of History on Russian philosophy had once been projected, Copleston's work in this area resulted in two books not part of that series: Philosophy in Russia (1986) and Russian Religious Philosophy (1988). The former book (which the original publishers had claimed could "reasonably be regarded as a companion volume to the series”) was added as Volume 10 by Continuum in 2003 (though it also continued to be sold under its original title to libraries as of 2019). * Ivan Kireevsky, Peter Lavrov, and other Russian philosophers * Philosophy in Dostoevsky and Tolstoy * Religion and Philosophy: Vladimir Solovyov * Plekhanov, Bogdanov, Lenin and Marxism * Nikolai Berdyaev and other philosophers in exile ===Volume 11: Logical Positivism and Existentialism=== Included, from 2003, as Volume 11 in the Continuum edition, Logical Positivism and Existentialism is a collection of essays which (barring a first chapter rewritten for a 1972 republishing) had all been published in Copleston's Contemporary Philosophy (1956). It covers Logical positivism and Existentialism. ==Reception and legacy== Reviewing the first volume in 1947, George Boas remarked that: "None of [Copleston's Thomistic] interpretations will do much harm to the reader of this very scholarly book. Most of them are put in parentheses, as if they were inserted to warn the seminarists that they must not be taken in by the pagans. They could be removed, and a history of ancient philosophy ad usum infidelium*for the use of the unbelievers would result which would be head and shoulders above the usual histories. [...] He obviously knows the ancient literature well and, if he had not felt himself obliged to be a modern Eusebius, he had the knowledge to write a genuine history. On the other hand, he is too given to periodizing and generalizing. [...] One can have but the highest praise for Father Copleston's erudition; it is too bad that he could not have put it into writing a really original study of ancient philosophical ideas." Regarding the objectivity of the work, Martin Gardner, echoing remarks he had made previously, noted: "The Jesuit priest Frederick Copleston wrote a marvelous multi-volume history of philosophy. I have no inkling of what he believed about any Catholic doctrine." Reviewing 1986's Philosophy in Russia (sold, from 2003, as the tenth volume of the Continuum edition) Geoffrey A. Hosking noted that the author was "as fair to the atheist and socialist thinkers as he is to the religious ones, with whom, as a member of the Society of Jesus, he is presumably more in sympathy." And said that overall it was "a magisterially competent survey." But, he concluded: "I confess, though, to being slightly disappointed that Copleston's enormous experience did not generate a few more original insights, and in particular did not provoke him into examining the most important of all the practical questions that Russian philosophy poses." Writing in 2017, philosopher Christia Mercer credited the work as "a hugely ambitious and admirably clear study" but remarked that, although the author includes "mystics like Master Eckhart (1260-1328) and prominent Jesuit scholastics like Francisco Suárez (1548–1617), he entirely ignores the richly philosophical spiritual writings of even the most prominent late medieval women, reducing the entirety of philosophy to a series of great men, each responding to the ones who went before". Philosopher and theologian Benedict M. Ashley compared A History of Philosophy to some of the most famous histories of philosophy as follows: "Some histories of philosophy, like the admirable one of Frederick Copleston, only attempt to give an accurate account of various philosophies in their general historical setting. Others, like Bertrand Russell in his absurd History of Western Philosophy or Etienne Gilson in his brilliant The Unity of Philosophical Experience proffer an argument for a particular philosophical position." The Washington Post: "Copleston's account of western philosophy has long been a standard reference, most familiar to students as a series of slender rack-sized paperbacks. Copleston writes with welcome clarity, but without the slight dumbing down of Will Durant's engaging Story of Philosophy or the biases of Bertrand Russell's provocative History of Western Philosophy. In other words, Copleston's volumes are still the place to start for anyone interested in following man's speculations about himself and his world." Gerard J. Hughes in The New Catholic Encyclopedia, described the work as "a model of clarity, objectivity, and scholarly accuracy, unsurpassed in its accessibility and balance." The Cambridge Encyclopedia of the Jesuits: "[A] monumental nine-volume [history][...] published between 1946 and 1974, for which [Copleston] would receive wide-spread acclaim. Described by The Times of London as 'the best all-round history of philosophical thinking from the pre- Socratics to Sartre' (April 2, 1994), Copleston's history became renowned for the erudition of its scholarship, the comprehensive scope of its content, and the relatively objective position from which it was written." The Review of Metaphysics: "(The) best known historian of philosophy in the English speaking world, and a man to whom many are indebted." Jon Cameron (University of Aberdeen): "To this day Copleston's history remains a monumental achievement and stays true to the authors it discusses being very much a work in exposition." As of September 1979, The Washington Post reported that: "[Image/Doubleday's] best-selling multi-volume work, Frederick Copleston's "[A] History of Philosophy" (nine parts, 17 volumes) has collectively sold 1.6 million copies." ==Editions== * * * ==See also== * Lectures on the History of Philosophy by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel * A New History of Western Philosophy by Anthony Kenny ==References== == External links == *A History of Philosophy (vol. 3) [Copyright status reviewed by University of Florida staff - Out of copyright.] *E-books available for loan with registration at Internet Archive: **Vol 1, Part I, Vol. 1 Part II, Vol. 3, Vol. 4, Vol. 5, Part I, Vol. 6. Part II, Vol. 7, Vol. 8. Part I, and (as originally published) Vol. 10 and Vol. 11 **Aquinas (1955), A History of Medieval Philosophy (1972) [the original edition Medieval Philosophy (1952) being in the public domain], Category:1946 non-fiction books Category:1974 non-fiction books Category:English-language books Category:Jesuit publications Category:20th- century history books Category:History books about philosophy Category:Book series introduced in 1946
27659549	A Glass Eye at a Keyhole	A Glass Eye at a Keyhole is an aphorism and apothegms-based book written by Mary Pettibone Poole in 1938. ==Reception== A contemporary review in the Fort Worth Star-Telegram said, "For those who must be satisfied with being next best to clever the little book offers all sorts of opportunities for quotations, if they are so fortunate as to have a good memory, and fancy the airily cynical manner in their quips." A review in The Oklahoma News said that "it is just as clever as can be, made up entirely of pithy paragraphs that will make you smile, make you laugh, make you think." ==Further reading== * Contains a number of selections from A Glass Eye at a Keyhole. ==References== Category:1938 non-fiction books Category:Books of aphorisms Category:Adages Category:Quotations from literature Category:1930s neologisms
27751845	A Girl Asleep	A Girl Asleep (Dutch: Slapend meisje), also known as A Woman Asleep, A Woman Asleep at Table, and A Maid Asleep,Liedtke, Walter, with Michael C. Plomp and Axel Rüger, Vermeer and the Delft School, pp 369-371; New York: The Metropolitan Museum of Art and New Haven and London: Yale University Press, 2001 (catalogue of an exhibition of the same name New York, March 8-May 27, 2001, and at the National Gallery, London, June 20 – September 16, 2001) is a painting by the Dutch master Johannes Vermeer, created c. 1657.Benjamin Binstock Vermeer's Family Secrets: Genius, Discovery, and the Unknown Apprentice 1136087060 2013 p.117 "Vermeer's Girl Asleep, likely from 1656, portrays a young woman seated at a table with her eyes closed, in the .. " It is now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City and may not be lent elsewhere under the terms of the donor's bequest. ==Theme, influences and composition changes== According to Liedtke, the presence of the dog would have alluded to "the sort of impromptu relationships canine suitors strike up on the street." The man and the dog were replaced with a mirror on a far wall, suggesting how the experience of the senses quickly passes, and a chair left at an angle with a pillow on it, possibly signifying indolence, together with a hint of recent company. The idea that she was recently together with someone is reinforced by the wine pitcher, the glass on its side and the possible presence of a knife and fork on the table. The Chinese bowl with fruit is a symbol of temptation, and for a Vermeer contemporary familiar with the symbolism of Dutch art of the time, the knife and jug lying open-mouthed under a gauzy material would have brought to mind more than social intercourse. The painting was very likely owned by Vermeer's patron, Pieter van Ruijvan, who also owned The Milkmaid, which has a similar tension between the symbolism of sexual or romantic relations with maids and their presentation in a way that was more sympathetic than the established tradition. ==Provenance and exhibitions== The painting was among the large collection of Vermeer works sold on May 16, 1696, from the estate of Jacob Dissius (1653–1695). It is widely believed the collection was originally owned by Dissius' father-in-law, Pieter Claesz van Ruijven of Delft as Vermeer's major patron, then passed down to Ruijven's daughter (1655–1682), who would have left it to Dissius. The work's history from that point is unknown until its ownership by John Waterloo Wilson in Paris after 1873. It was sold on March 14, 1881, in Paris when the Sedelmeyer Gallery in Paris bought it and sold it later that year to Rodolphe Kann, also of Paris. Kann owned the work until 1907. It was sold in 1908 through the Duveen Brothers of London to Benjamin Altman, and it was exhibited in New York in 1909. Altman owned the work until 1913, when it passed into the hands of the Metropolitan Museum of Art as a bequest. ==See also== * List of paintings by Johannes Vermeer * Dutch Golden Age painting ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== * Metropolitan Museum of Art webpage on A Girl Asleep. *The Milkmaid by Johannes Vermeer, exhibition catalog fully online as PDF from The Metropolitan Museum of Art, which contains material on A Girl Asleep (see index) Category:Genre paintings by Johannes Vermeer Category:1657 paintings Category:Paintings in the Metropolitan Museum of Art
27948079	A Frank O'Connor Reader	A Frank O'Connor Reader is a compilation of works by the Irish writer Frank O'Connor selected and edited by Michael A. Steinman, and it includes short stories, autobiographical pieces, translations of Irish-language poetry, and essays on topics from politics to literary criticism.Frank O’Connor. A Frank O’Connor Reader. Edited by Michael A. Steinman. Syracuse, NY: Syracuse University Press, 1994. Among the seventeen short stories are one that had never been published anywhere before ("The Rebel") and one that had never been published in book form before ("Darcy in Tír na nÓg"). "Darcy in Tír na nÓg" was originally written by O'Connor in Irish and translated by Richard B. Walsh. It bears no relation to O'Connor's English-language story "Darcy in the Land of Youth" from Traveller's Samples. ==References== Category:1994 short story collections Category:Short story collections by Frank O'Connor Category:Works by Frank O'Connor Category:Syracuse University Press books
27967374	A Happy Place	"A Happy Place" is a song performed by the Georgian-born, British singer Katie Melua and the second single from her 4th studio album The House. It was released on 12 July 2010, featuring a remix of the track by Sparks. ==Music video== The video itself was filmed in a paternoster lift in Haus des Rundfunks, Berlin and directed by Mike Batt. The constant movement of the lift and one’s inability to stop it represent the constant flow of life. The hat Melua wears in the video was made by a milliner called Piers Atkinson. In an interview with The Sun, Melua explained with regards to the video: "It was about finding peace within yourself no matter how much life is flowing in the right or wrong direction." ==Track listing== ;Digital download ;CD single ==Release history== Region Date Format Label United Kingdom 12 July 2010 Airplay Dramatico 23 July 2010 Digital download 26 July 2010 CD single Germany 3 August 2010amazon.de. Katie Melua - A Happy Place (CD-Single) CD single ==References== Category:2010 singles Category:Katie Melua songs Category:Songs written by Katie Melua Category:Songs written by Guy Chambers Category:2010 songs Category:Dramatico singles
28075240	A Dangerous Method	A Dangerous Method is a 2011 historical drama film directed by David Cronenberg. The film stars Keira Knightley, Viggo Mortensen, Michael Fassbender, Sarah Gadon, and Vincent Cassel. Its screenplay was adapted by writer Christopher Hampton from his 2002 stage play The Talking Cure, which was based on the 1993 non-fiction book by John Kerr, A Most Dangerous Method: The Story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein. Set on the eve of World War I, A Dangerous Method describes the turbulent relationships between Carl Jung, founder of analytical psychology; Sigmund Freud, founder of the discipline of psychoanalysis; and Sabina Spielrein, initially a patient of Jung and later a physician and one of the first female psychoanalysts.Kerr, John. 1993. A Most Dangerous Method: The Story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein, New York: Alfred A Knopf, 1993, p. 11. A co-production between British, Canadian and German production companies, the film marks the third consecutive collaboration between Cronenberg and Viggo Mortensen (after A History of Violence and Eastern Promises). This is also the third Cronenberg film made with British film producer Jeremy Thomas, after completing together the William Burroughs adaptation Naked Lunch and the J. G. Ballard adaptation Crash. Filming took place between May and July 2010 in Cologne on a soundstage, with exterior shots filmed in Vienna. A Dangerous Method premiered at the 68th Venice Film Festival and was also featured at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival. The film was theatrically released in Germany on 10 November 2011 by Universal Pictures International, in Canada on 13 January 2012 by Entertainment One and in the United Kingdom on 10 February 2012 by Lionsgate. The film grossed $24 million worldwide and received positive reviews from critics, many praising the performances of Mortensen and Fassbender and Cronenberg's direction. It appeared on several critics' year- end lists. At the 70th Golden Globe Awards, Mortensen was nominated for the Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture for his portrayal of Freud. ==Plot== In August 1904, Sabina Spielrein arrives at the Burghölzli, the pre-eminent psychiatric hospital in Zürich, suffering from hysteria and begins a new course of treatment with the young Swiss doctor Carl Jung. He uses word association and dream interpretation as part of his approach to psychoanalysis, and finds that Spielrein's condition was triggered by the humiliation and sexual arousal she felt as a child when her father spanked her naked. Jung and chief of medicine Eugen Bleuler recognize Spielrein's intelligence and energy, and allow her to assist them in their experiments. She measures the physical reactions of subjects during word association, to provide empirical data as a scientific basis for psychoanalysis. She soon learns that much of this new science is founded on the doctors' observations of themselves, each other, and their families, not just their patients. The doctors, Jung and Freud, correspond at length before they meet, and begin sharing their dreams and analysing each other, and Freud himself soon adopts Jung as his heir and agent. Jung finds in Spielrein a kindred spirit, and their attraction deepens due to transference. Jung resists the idea of cheating on his wife, Emma, and breaking the taboo of sex with a patient, but his resolve is weakened by the wild and unrepentant confidences of his new patient Otto Gross, a brilliant, philandering, unstable psychoanalyst. Gross decries monogamy in general and suggests that resistance to transference is symptomatic of the repression of normal, healthy sexual impulses, exhorting Jung to indulge himself with abandon. Jung finally begins an affair with Spielrein, including rudimentary bondage and spanking. Things become even more tangled as he becomes her advisor to her dissertation; he publishes not only his studies of her as a patient but eventually her treatise as well. Spielrein wants to conceive a child with Jung, but he refuses. After his attempt to confine their relationship again to doctor and patient, she appeals to Freud for his professional help, and forces Jung to tell Freud the truth about their relationship, reminding him that she could have publicly damaged him but did not want to. Jung and Freud journey to America. However, cracks appear in their friendship as they begin to disagree more frequently on matters of psychoanalysis. Jung and Spielrein meet to work on her dissertation in Switzerland, and begin their sexual relationship once more. However, after Jung refuses to leave his wife for her, Spielrein decides to go to Vienna. She meets Freud, and says that although she sides with him, she believes he and Jung need to reconcile for psychoanalysis to continue to develop. Following Freud's collapse at an academic conference, he and Jung continue correspondence via letters. They decide to end their relationship after increasing hostilities and accusations regarding the differences in their conceptualisation of psychoanalysis. Spielrein marries a Russian doctor and, while pregnant, visits Jung and his wife. They discuss psychoanalysis and Jung's new mistress. Jung confides that his love for Spielrein made him a better person. The film's footnote reveals the eventual fates of the four analysts. Gross starved to death in Berlin in 1920. Freud died of cancer in London in 1939 after being driven out of Vienna by the Nazis. Spielrein trained a number of analysts in the Soviet Union, before she and her two daughters were shot by the Nazis in 1942. Jung emerged from a nervous breakdown to become the world's leading psychologist before dying in 1961.Zwei der im Abspann genannten Daten sind falsch: Otto Gross starb 1920, Sabina Spielrein 1942. ==Cast== ==Production== Hampton's earliest version of the screenplay, dating back to the 1990s, was written for Julia Roberts in the role of Sabina Spielrein, but the film was never realized. Hampton re-wrote the screenplay for the stage, before producer Jeremy Thomas acquired the rights for both the earlier script and the stage version.Dee Jefferson: Jeremy Thomas: The Lone Ranger , interview with Jeremy Thomas on thebrag.com, 14 August 2012, retrieved 2012-12-23. thumb|Interior of Café Sperl where a meeting between Jung and Freud was filmed. David Cronenberg said of the shoot, "We almost had to change nothing to make it feel like 1907." The film was produced by Britain's Recorded Picture Company, with Germany's Lago Film and Canada's Prospero Film acting as co-producers. Additional funding was provided by Medienboard Berlin-Brandenburg, MFG Baden-Württemberg, Filmstiftung NRW, the and Film Fund, Ontario Media Development Corp and Millbrook Pictures. Christoph Waltz was initially cast as Sigmund Freud, but was replaced by Viggo Mortensen due to a scheduling conflict. Christian Bale had been in talks to play Carl Jung, but he too had to drop out because of scheduling conflicts. Filming began on 26 May and ended on 24 July 2010. Exteriors were shot in Vienna and interiors were filmed on a soundstage in Cologne (MMC Studios Köln), Germany. Viennese locations included the Café Sperl, Berggasse 19, and the Schloss Belvedere. Lake Constance (Bodensee) stood in for Lake Zurich.Michael Fassbender: A Dangerous Method: Filming Locations thumb|left|A scene featuring Keira Knightley and Michael Fassbender was filmed aboard the paddle steamer Hohentwiel on Lake Constance A noted feature of the film is the extensive use in the musical score of leitmotifs from Wagner's third Ring opera Siegfried, mostly in piano transcription. In fact the composer Howard Shore has said that the structure of the film is based on the structure of the Siegfried opera. ==Release== Universal Pictures released the film in German- speaking territories, while Lionsgate took rights to the United Kingdom and Sony Pictures Classics distributed the film in the United States. The film debuted at the Venice Film Festival in Italy on 2 September 2011. ==Reception== On the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds a 78% approval rating, based on 191 reviews with an average rating of 6.85/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "A provocative historical fiction about the early days of psychoanalysis, A Dangerous Method is buoyed by terrific performances by Michael Fassbender, Keira Knightley, and Viggo Mortensen." Louise Keller reports from Urban Cinephile, "The best scenes are those between Mortensen and Fassbender...the tension between the two men mounts as their views conflict: Freud insists that sex is an underlying factor in every neurosis while Jung, interested in spiritualism and the occult, is disappointed by what he considers to be Freud's 'rigid pragmatism.'" Andrew O'Hehir's review on Salon notes that on the one hand Freud's "single-minded focus on sexual repression as the source of neurosis led to the creation of psychiatry as a legitimate medical and scientific field—one that was often resistant to change and dominated by authoritarian father figures." On the other hand, Sabina's effect on Jung, and "the discoveries they had made together, both in the office and the bedroom," including the potential in "a creative fusion of opposites—doctor and patient, man and woman, dark and light, Jew and Aryan," led to a falling out between the two men "over a variety of issues, most notably the scientific limits of psychiatric inquiry." In contrast, Steven Rea of The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote that, despite the film's exploration of "the way our subconscious works, the way we repress, and suppress, natural urges—the constant battle between the rational and the instinctive, the civilized and the wild", the film "feels distant, and clinical, in ways you wished it did not." In an interview with The Daily Beasts Marlow Stern, Cronenberg himself is quoted as saying that the love scenes between Jung and Spielrein were "quite clinical. These were people who, even when they were having sex, they were observing themselves having sex because they were so interested in their reactions to things." The film was listed at number 5 on Film Comment magazine's Best Films of 2011 list. ===Top ten lists=== A Dangerous Method was listed on many critics' 2011 top ten lists. * 1st – J. Hoberman, The Village Voice * 1st – Glenn Kenny, MSN Movies * 2nd – Todd McCarthy, The Hollywood Reporter * 5th – Andrea Gronvall, Chicago Reader * 5th – Kim Morgan, MSN Movies * 6th – Eric Hynes, The Village Voice * 7th – Anne Thompson, Indiewire * 7th – Richard T. Jameson, MSN Movies * 8th – Stephen Holden, The New York Times * 9th – Mark Olsen, Boxoffice Magazine * 9th – Jim Emerson, MSN Movies * 10th – Caryn James, Indiewire * Best of 2011 (listed alphabetically, not ranked) – A.O. Scott, The New York Times * Best of 2011 (listed alphabetically, not ranked) – Manohla Dargis, The New York Times ==Accolades== Year of ceremony Award Category Recipient(s) Result 2011 National Board of Review Awards"National Board of Review Announces 2011 Awards; HUGO Takes Top Prize". WeAreMovieGeeks.com. Retrieved 2 December 2011. Spotlight Award Michael Fassbender Satellite Awards Actor in a Supporting Role Viggo Mortensen Los Angeles Film Critics Association Awards Best Actor Michael Fassbender 2012 Golden Globe Awards"69th Annual Golden Globe Awards – Full List Of Nominees" . HollywoodLife.com. Retrieved 15 December 2011. Best Supporting Actor – Motion Picture Viggo Mortensen London Critics' Circle Film Awards"32nd London Critics' Circle Film Awards nominations announced". The Critics' Circle. Retrieved 31 December 2011. British Actor of the Year Michael Fassbender Central Ohio Film Critics Association Awards"Central Ohio Film Critics Nominations". COFCA. Retrieved 1 January 2012. Actor of the Year Michael Fassbender Genie Awards"Genie Awards 2012: the nominations" . Genie. Retrieved 21 January 2012. Best Motion Picture Martin Katz, Marco Mehlitz, Jeremy Thomas Achievement in Art Direction/Production Design James Mcateer Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role Michael Fassbender Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role Viggo Mortensen Achievement in Costume Design Denise Cronenberg Achievement in Direction David Cronenberg Achievement in Editing Ronald Sanders, C.C.E. A.C.E. Achievement in Music – Original Score Howard Shore Achievement in Overall Sound Orest Sushko, Christian Cooke Achievement in Sound Editing Wayne Griffin, Rob Bertola, Tony Currie, Andy Malcolm, Michael O'Farrell Achievement in Visual Effects Jason Edwardh, Oliver Hearsey, Jim Price, Milan Schere, Wojciech Zielinski Sant Jordi Award Best Foreign Actor Michael Fassbender Directors Guild of Canada Awards"David Cronenberg's 'A Dangerous Method,' Jon Cassar's 'The Kennedys' Dominate Directors Guild of Canada Awards". DGOC. Retrieved 21 October 2012. Best Direction David Cronenberg Best Feature Film Best Production Design - Feature Film James McAteer Best Picture Editing - Feature Film Ron Sanders Best Sound Editing Rob Bertola, Tony Currie, Alastair Gray, Michael O'Farrell, Gren-Erich Zwicker ==References== ==External links== * * Official US website * * * Category:2011 films Category:2011 drama films Category:2010s British films Category:2010s Canadian films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s German films Category:2010s historical drama films Category:British films based on plays Category:British films set in New York City Category:British historical drama films Category:Canadian films based on plays Category:Canadian historical drama films Category:Cultural depictions of Sigmund Freud Category:Cultural depictions of Carl Jung Category:English- language Canadian films Category:English-language German films Category:Films about dreams Category:Films about sexual repression Category:Films based on adaptations Category:Films based on non-fiction books Category:Films directed by David Cronenberg Category:Films produced by Jeremy Thomas Category:Films scored by Howard Shore Category:Films set in 1904 Category:Films set in 1906 Category:Films set in 1909 Category:Films set in 1910 Category:Films set in 1912 Category:Films set in 1913 Category:Films set in Switzerland Category:Films set in Vienna Category:Films shot in Germany Category:Films shot in Vienna Category:German films based on plays Category:German historical drama films Category:Lionsgate films Category:Psychotherapy in fiction Category:Universal Pictures films
28175735	A Date with Frosia	A Date With Frosia was a Canadian musical television series which aired on CBC Television in 1954. ==Premise== The series featured music performances from such artists as Lois and David Adams, Dorothy Bromley (keyboard), Donna Hossack (harp), National Ballet dancers, female quartet Enchanted Strings and a female quintet ==Scheduling== The series aired each Sunday at 7:30 pm (Eastern) as a mid-year replacement for CGE Showtime. ==External links== * Category:CBC Television original programming Category:1950s Canadian music television series Category:1954 Canadian television series debuts Category:1954 Canadian television series endings Category:Black-and-white Canadian television shows
28175787	A Choice of Futures	A Choice of Futures was a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1967. ==Premise== The series was a Canadian centennial project, generally based on the theme of Canada's future, and that of Earth. ==Episodes== ==="The Earth Is A Very Small Spaceship"=== The first episode, "The Earth Is A Very Small Spaceship", was a documentary broadcast on 24 May 1967 concerning the environmental situation of Earth and speculating on its future, likening the planet to a spaceship with a limited capacity. Potential settlement of the moon and undersea locations was also discussed. It was written, directed and narrated by William Whitehead. Vincent Tovell was its producer. ==="Therefore Choose Life"=== "Therefore Choose Life" was broadcast 31 May 1967 as an essay which described how technology was capable of degrading and destroying life on the planet. Despite its negative viewpoint, the programme promoted the contrasting notion that technology should instead be used to preserve life. Tom Koch was the episode's producer and director. ==="1999"=== The final episode airing on 7 June 1967 was the futuristic drama "1999", written by Eric Koch. Its plot featured future Prime Minister Robert Ghiberti (John Colicos) who faces a student uprising on the last day of 1999 that puts a multilateral weapons control pact in jeopardy. "1999" was directed by Melwyn Breen. ==Scheduling== The series was rebroadcast on 10–24 September 1967, and 3–10 July 1968. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:CBC Television original programming Category:1967 Canadian television series debuts Category:1968 Canadian television series endings Category:Canadian Centennial
28224307	A Day in Court	A Day in Court (Italian: Un giorno in pretura) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Steno and starring Peppino De Filippo, Silvana Pampanini, Sophia Loren, and Alberto Sordi. The film is an anthology, consisting of a day's cases before Judge Salomone Lo Russo in a court in Rome. ==Plot== The cat thief. A poor old man, accused of stealing and eating a cat, is found guilty. Leopoldo and Teresa. An engaged couple are accused of compromising behaviour in a parked car. She falls for their handsome young advocate and goes off with him instead. Paolo and Elena. She accuses him of abandoning the marital home, leaving her penniless. He proves her adultery, first by a tape recording and secondly by film from a hidden camera. Don Michele and Anna. Don Michele, a keen young Catholic priest is accused of starting a brawl in a pool hall. He pleads guilty, but proceedings are interrupted by Anna, a beautiful young prostitute. She explains that in a bus she lifted his wallet, which was then seized by her pimp, who went off to play pool. The priest followed and the fight ensued, for which he gets three months. Nando. Accused of immodesty by going around naked, Nando explains that on a hot day he took a dip in a stream and found his clothes gone. Entering an apparently empty house to find something to cover himself, he surprised a nearly-blind old lady. When she found her glasses, her screams brought others and Nando was arrested. A policeman explains that he had taken the man's clothes to the station, but forgot all about them when told that his wife had just had a baby. Given three months, an enraged Nando vows revenge. Gloriana. A sad old woman accused of drunkenness and harassing people, says she was a much-loved variety artiste during the First World War. The judge remembers her giving a sexy show behind the front when he was a young lieutenant. Due to a mix-up she had nowhere to stay for the night, so he was ordered to give her his room. When he took out his things and returned to the officers' mess, he was ordered for the honour of the army to go back and claim her. In fact, he passed a freezing night on her balcony. After dismissing the case, he retires to his chambers and explains to a bust of the celebrated Roman lawyer Marcus Tullius Cicero that, despite basing his career on strict application of the criminal law, sometimes one has to temper justice with mercy. Lazio vs Roma. At a football match three months later, Lo Russo is cheering his son who plays for Lazio. Nearby, Nando is cheering for Roma. A brawl starts and both men are arrested. ==Cast== * Peppino De Filippo as Judge Lo Russo * Silvana Pampanini as Gloriana * Alberto Sordi as Nando * Sophia Loren as Anna * Tania Weber as Elena * Leopoldo Trieste as Leopoldo * Walter Chiari as Don Michele * Armenia Balducci as Teresa * Virgilio Riento as Virgilio Pampinelli * Giulio Calì as Augusto Mencacci * Turi Pandolfini as clerk of the court * Vincenzo Talarico as defence lawyer * Ubaldo Lay as Anna's pimp * Amalia Pellegrini as rich old lady ==About the film== Lucio Fulci and Paolo Heusch were assistant directors. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Italian comedy at the 67th Venice International Film Festival. It took in around 473 million lire at the Italian box office.Chiti & Poppi p.172 A young Lucio Fulci originated the idea and format for this film, and then helped to write the screenplay and assist Steno in directing it, making it the largest screen credit in his career up to this point.Howarth, Troy (2015). Splintered Visions: Lucio Fulci and his Films. Midnight Marquee Press. page 30. Critics said the film was carried by the versatile acting of Peppino De Filippo, who was convinced to become a comedian by the Italian actor Totò. Alberto Sordi's character of Nando Moriconi became so popular, he reprised the role in several later Italian comedies, such as An American in Rome (1954), without ever sharing the credit with Fulci. Fulci always took credit for creating the Nando Moriconi character, although Alberto Sordi said it was his portrayal of the character that made it so popular. Fulci said that in post production, producer Carlo Ponti almost cut the segment out for time constraints, but Ponti's wife Silvana Mangano made him leave it in. The film made a fortune as a result, according to Fulci, and helped launch Sordi's comedy career.Howarth, Troy (2015). Splintered Visions: Lucio Fulci and his Films. Midnight Marquee Press. page 30. ==References== == Bibliography == * Chiti, Roberto & Poppi, Roberto. Dizionario del cinema italiano: Dal 1945 al 1959. Gremese Editore, 1991. ==External links== * Category:1954 films Category:1954 comedy films Category:1950s Italian-language films Category:Italian black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Stefano Vanzina Category:Films scored by Armando Trovajoli Category:Films set in Rome Category:Italian comedy films Category:Minerva Film films Category:1950s legal films Category:1950s Italian films
28229828	A Homemade Holiday	A Homemade Holiday is a Christmas EP by The Verve Pipe, released in 2007. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== * Brian Vander Ark – lead vocals, guitar * Dan Matheny – guitars * Doug Corella – keyboards, percussion * Donny Brown – drums, background vocals * Joel Ferguson – bass * Jake Bartlett – drums on This Christmas Time Category:2007 EPs Category:2007 Christmas albums Category:The Verve Pipe albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Christmas EPs Category:Rock Christmas albums
28270857	A Broken Sole	A Broken Sole is a 2006 trilogy of short films directed by Antony Marsellis and written by Susan Charlotte, dealing with the September 11 attacks in 2001. ==Plot== Based on three short plays by Susan Charlotte, the film follows the lives of six characters: a shoemaker and his customer, a taxi driver and his passenger, and a dyslexic director and his date. ===The Shoemaker=== On September 11, 2001, a shoemaker (Danny Aiello) is frantic to close his shop early. A college professor with a broken sole (Judith Light) is desperate for him to keep the shop open. With the backdrop of tragedy, a pair of shoes on a shelf awaits the return of its owner, who will never return for them. Danny Aiello would reprise this role off-broadway in 2010 and 2011 in The Shoemaker. ===The Cabbie=== In October 2001 a nervous real-estate broker (Laila Robins) takes a ride with an over-enunciating cab driver (Bob Dishy). ===The Dyslexic Lover=== In December 2001 Nan (Margaret Colin), an actress who supports herself with a job at a travel agency and Bob (John Shea), a dyslexic director try to come to terms with their on-again, off-again relationship. ==Cast== * Danny Aiello - The Shoemaker * Margaret Colin - Nan * Bob Dishy - Cabbie * Judith Light - Hilary * Laila Robins - Passenger * Rebekkah Ross - Louise's Voice (voice) * John Shea - Bob ==Score== An original composition by Philip Glass appears in this film, originally commissioned by Susan Charlotte for the short film; Love Divided By. It also appears on his album "Saxophone." ==References== ==External links== * Category:2006 films Category:Films based on the September 11 attacks Category:2000s English-language films
2828410	A (musical note)	A or La is the sixth note and the tenth semitone of the fixed-do solfège. Its enharmonic equivalents are B (B double flat) which is a diatonic semitone above A and G (G double sharp) which is a diatonic semitone below A. "A" is generally used as a standard for tuning. When the orchestra tunes, the oboe plays an "A" and the rest of the instruments tune to match that pitch. Every string instrument in the orchestra has an A string, from which each player can tune the rest of their instrument. "A" is also used in combination with a number (e.g. A-440) to label the pitch standard. The number designates the frequency in hertz. A lower number equals a lower pitch. The International Standards Organization (ISO) has standardized the pitch at A-440. However, tuning has varied over time, geographical region, or instrument maker. In 17th-century Europe, tunings ranged from about A-374 to A-403, approximately two to three semitones below A-440. Historical examples exist of instruments, tuning forks, or standards ranging from A-309 to A-455.3, a difference of almost six semitones. Although the official standard today is A-440, some orchestral groups and chamber groups prefer to tune a little higher, at A-442 or even A-444. Baroque pitch is usually cited as A-415, which is a semitone lower than modern pitch. A0 is the lowest note on the standard piano. The octaves follow A1, A2, etc. A7 is a few pitches lower than C8, the highest note on the standard piano. The note "A" is not considered to be a certain milestone or mark to hit with voice as, for example, Tenor C is, but it can be extremely demanding in certain octaves. ==Designation by octave== Scientific designation Helmholtz designation Octave name Frequency (Hz) Sound sample A−1 A͵͵͵ or ͵͵͵A or AAAA Subsubcontra 13.75 A0 A͵͵ or ͵͵A or AAA Subcontra 27.5 A1 A͵ or ͵A or AA Contra 55 55 Sine wave A2 A Great 110 110 Sine wave A3 a Small 220 220 Sine wave A4 a One-lined 440 440 Sine wave A5 a Two-lined 880 880 Sine wave A6 a Three-lined 1760 1760 Sine wave A7 a Four- lined 3520 A8 a Five-lined 7040 A9 a Six-lined 14080 A10 a Seven-lined 28160 ==Scales== ===Common scales beginning on A=== * A major: A B C D E F G A *A natural minor: A B C D E F G A * A harmonic minor: A B C D E F G A * A melodic minor ascending: A B C D E F G A * A melodic minor descending: A G F E D C B A ===Diatonic scales=== * A Ionian: A B C D E F G A * A Dorian: A B C D E F G A * A Phrygian: A B C D E F G A * A Lydian: A B C D E F G A * A Mixolydian: A B C D E F G A * A Aeolian: A B C D E F G A * A Locrian: A B C D E F G A ===Jazz melodic minor=== * A Ascending melodic minor: A B C D E F G A * A Dorian ♭2: A B C D E F G A * A Lydian augmented: A B C D E F G A * A Lydian dominant: A B C D E F G A * A Mixolydian ♭6: A B C D E F G A * A Locrian ♮2: A B C D E F G A * A Altered: A B C D E F G A ==See also== * Piano key frequencies * A major * A minor * Root (chord) ==References== ==External links== * Standard Pitch or Concert Pitch for Pianos by Barrie Heaton * Virginia Tech Music Dictionary: A Category:Musical notes
28380942	A & P Food Stores Building	The A & P Food Stores Building in St. Louis, Missouri, is historically significant in part because it is rare in Saint Louis as a small commercial building having an Art Deco building design. Most others were either residential or larger commercial buildings. It also serves as an example of the work of Saum Architects, a not-well-known architectural firm of Saint Louis in the early 1900s. And it is also significant as having been one of the first supermarkets in St. Louis that was developed to serve automobile-owning customers, providing parking and convenient "one-stop shopping". including photos There were as many as 84 A & P stores in the city, 20 being supermarkets and the others being cash and carry stores; this building is one of the last surviving of these, and it was among those which kept operating up until A & P entirely left the city in 1979–1980. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. ==See also== * The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, food store chain ==References== Category:Art Deco architecture in Missouri Category:Buildings and structures in St. Louis Category:Commercial buildings completed in 1940 Category:Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri Category:The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company Category:National Register of Historic Places in St. Louis Category:Grocery store buildings
2847432	A Life on the Ocean Wave	"A Life on the Ocean Wave" is a poem-turned-song by Epes Sargent published in 1838 and set to music by Henry Russell. It is the iconic Regimental March of His Majesty's Royal Marines. ==Origin of the poem and song== One day Sargent was walking on The Battery in New York City watching the ships enter the harbour. This scene inspired Sargent to write a poem, which Russell later put to music. The song soon became popular in both the United Kingdom and the United States. ==Lyrics== ==History of cultural uses of the song== At an 1851 celebration in Salem, Massachusetts, the Boston Cadet Band gave the new clipper ship Witch of the Wave a lively sendoff by striking up "A Life on the Ocean Wave" as the SS R. B. Forbes towed the new clipper out to set sail for Boston. The tune, slightly altered, provides the music for the Latter-day Saint hymn "Who's On The Lord's Side?""Who's On The Lord's Side?" (Hymn 260), Hymns of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, 1985. ==References== ==External links== * Thurl Ravenscroft-- Life On The Ocean Waves, Video with music and pictures * A Life on the Ocean Wave, Sound clip and links to sheet music, as featured in the Laura Ingalls Wilder book By the Shores of Silver Lake Category:British military marches Category:Royal Marines Category:Royal Marines Band Service Category:1838 songs Category:Songs with music by Henry Russell (musician) Category:Songs based on poems
28566279	A Game of Concentration	A Game of Concentration (also known as Concentration and Hunt & Score) is a video game developed by Atari, Inc. and released in 1978 for the Atari VCS (later renamed to the Atari 2600). It was programmed by Jim Huether, and is a version of the classic memory game. It was one of a handful of games that used Atari's keypad controllers. The game was released by Sears for the "Sears Video Arcade" under the name Memory Match. ==Gameplay== thumb|left|Gameplay screenshot The game is played using a matrix of numbered panels, either 4 x 4 (for 16 panels) or 5 x 6 (for 30 panels). Using the keypad, players enter the number of the panels they wish to reveal. If the images behind the two panels match, the panels are removed and the player scores 1 or 2 points, depending on what difficulty the switch is set to, along with an extra turn. The game has a total of eight variations, four each for each matrix size and four have wild cards. Each matrix can be played by either a single player or by two players taking turns; in single-player games, the player attempts to clear the matrix with as few incorrect matches as possible. Also, players can enable wild cards that will match any image on the board. ==See also== *List of Atari 2600 games ==References== ==External links== *A Game of Concentration at Atari Mania Category:1978 video games Category:Atari 2600 games Category:Atari 2600-only games Category:Multiplayer and single-player video games Category:Video games developed in the United States Category:Memory games
2856954	A Darkling Plain	A Darkling Plain is the fourth and final novel in the Mortal Engines Quartet series, written by British author Philip Reeve. The novel won the 2006 Guardian Children's Fiction Prize and the 2007 Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Young Adult Fiction. ==Setting== The book is set six months after Infernal Devices. Wren Natsworthy and her father Tom Natsworthy have taken to the skies in their airship, the Jenny Haniver. After the apparent death of the Stalker Fang at the end of Infernal Devices, General Naga has seized command of the Green Storm and has signed a peace treaty between the Green Storm and the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, ushering in a new era of peace and trade. Whilst Wren is enjoying life as an aviator, Tom misses Hester, and has been informed by a doctor that his weak heart means he only has a few years left to live. The Lost Boy, Fishcake, is secretly repairing the Stalker Fang, coming to regard her as the mother he never had. Theo Ngoni has returned to Zagwa and rejoined his family. ==Explanation of the novel's title== The title is derived from Matthew Arnold's poem Dover Beach. This excerpt of the poem appears at the beginning of the book: This relates to the novel in several ways. The characters are indeed swept about, often against their will, by the "ignorant armies" of the Green Storm and Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, on the "darkling plain" of the Great Hunting Ground. Reeve references his choice of title himself towards the end of the book when the character Nimrod Pennyroyal writes a book within a book titled Ignorant Armies. The similarly titled, "As on a Darkling Plain", by Ben Bova in 1972 also takes its title from this poem. ==Plot== === Part One === Six months after the events of Infernal Devices, General Naga, the now-leader of the Green Storm after the supposed demise of the Stalker Fang, has formed a truce with the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft, blossoming a new era of trade and peace. Theo Ngoni, returning to his home of Zagwa and reuniting with his family, foils an assassination attempt on Oenone Zero, who is married to General Naga and has taken the title of Lady Naga. Zero was in Zagwa to facilitate peace terms with Zagwa and the Green Storm; and suspects that the attempt was made by Green Storm soldiers still loyal to the Stalker Fang. Due to the possibility of another attempt, Zero has an incognito merchant airship prepared that will take her an alternate route to Naga. As Theo saved her life, Zero wants him to accompany her; Theo agrees, hopeful that he might meet Wren. En route, Zero's servant Rohini is revealed to be Cynthia Twite, a Green Storm spy who survived the events of Infernal Devices, and attempts to kill her, but Theo intervenes. Cynthia escapes and downs the airship. The pair survive the crash, but Zero is captured by air- trader Napster Varley who plans to sell her to the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft; whilst Theo is saved from slavers by Hester Shaw and the Stalker Shrike, who is unable to kill due to Zero's tampering. After Theo informs them of Zero's capture, Hester and Shrike decide to find her, as Zero will be able to reverse Shrike's "barrier" she implemented. Cynthia reaches Naga's base in Tienjing and lies to him that Zero was killed by the Zagwans, though Naga refuses to take action against Tractionists. Cynthia manages to weasle her way to serve in Naga's household. In the Traction City of Peripatetiapolis, Tom Natsworthy discovers that the bullet that Nimrod Pennyroyal shot him with in Predator's Gold has damaged his heart and he has not long to live, though he doesn't tell his daughter Wren. Tom soon discovers a woman that resembles Clytie Potts, a London Apprentice Historian that he knew. When questioned, she tells him that her name is Cruwys Morchard and that she is transporting Old-Tech devices. Unconvinced, Tom and Wren decide to pursue her, travelling on the Jenny Haniver to Murnau, a Traktionstadtsgesellschaft city, where they meet Wolf von Kobold, the son of the Mayor of Murnau and commander of the traction city Harrowbarrow. Wolf believes that the survivors of MEDUSA may be still inside London, and the three agree to make an expedition to London. Tom and Wren meet Wolf on Harrowbarrow, a burrowing Traction City, which takes them closer to London. With Wolf accompanying them, they fly the Jenny Haniver over the Green Storm border, and finally reaching the debris field of London. There they discover that the survivors of MEDUSA have rebuilt a society in London, led by Tom's old boss and now Mayor Chudleigh Pomeroy. Garamond, the paranoid head of security, convinces Pomeroy to keep them there as he suspects that they may inform others of London's survival. Tom, Wren and Wolf eventually discover a new traction town being rebuilt near the ruins, a project that was in-progress long before Magnus Crome decided to use MEDUSA. Noticing that "New London" has no wheels, the leading Engineer Dr. Childermass explains that it uses Magnetic Levitation to float above the ground, making it less harmful to the environment. Wolf slips away from the conversation and escapes back to Harrowbarrow, intent on devouring New London and to use the technology to make his city better. Meanwhile, the former Lost Boy Fishcake has partially rebuilt the Stalker Fang in Cairo. The Stalker Fang often malfunctions, alternating in personality between the kind and supportive Anna-side and the cold and merciless Stalker-side. Fishcake informs Fang that Cairo is stopping to trade with Lost Boy-ruled Brighton where they steal a limpet and make their way to the state of Shan Guo, where the Stalker will do something "important". Walking the rest of the way by foot, Fishcake and Fang stop at a hermitage, that is inhabited by Sathya, an exiled commander of the Green Storm and an old friend to Anna. The Anna-side of the Stalker doesn't wish to harm Sathya, and wants former London Engineer Dr. Popjoy, who resurrected her in Predator’s Gold to eliminate the Stalker-side. Despite protestations, Fishcake accompanies her to Batmunkh Gompa. However, before meeting Popjoy, the Stalker-side returns and demands that he remove the Anna-side. Popjoy explains to her that the brain he fitted her with in Rogue's Roost was from a much older model he found in the Arctic and that it was from a "Remembering Machine" that helped to keep a nomad culture alive. When Popjoy discovers that the Stalker Fang will reactivate ODIN (standing for Orbital Defence Initiative), an orbital weapon with firepower similar to MEDUSA, he protests; but the Stalker kills him. The Stalker Fang takes Fishcake with her to Erdene Tezh, her old home. ===Part Two=== Napster Varley arrives in Airhaven, which is floating above the Traktionstadtgesellschaft, and unsuccessfully attempts to sell Zero to Wolf's father Kriegsmarschall von Kobold. Hester, Theo and Shrike arrive at the floating city and attempt to buy her from Varley, who asks for an extortionate price which they cannot pay. Hester and Theo discover Pennyroyal hiding in Airhaven in disgrace and debt after a newspaper exposed him as a fraud. Hester takes what remains of his money and heads to Varley's ship to buy Zero, with Theo accidentally mentioning to Pennyroyal about Zero being alive. With this knowledge and seeking to reclaim fame, Pennyroyal rounds up men from Manchester and marches to Varley's ship. Discovering a photograph of Zero that Varley placed on him, von Kobold attempts to rescue her to make further peace with Naga. Hester's attempt to cheat Varley is discovered and he attacks her, but his abused wife kills him. As Hester and Zero make their way back, von Kobold finds them and helps them. Pennyroyal arrives with the Manchester men and a fight ensues where von Kobold is shot, but survives via his Old-Tech armour. Shrike manages to scare them away and gets Hester and Zero to their airship the Shadow Aspect and escape. Pennyroyal gets into an altercation with a journalist and falls from Airhaven and is assumed dead, but lands in the rigging of the Shadow Aspect. Stalker-birds arrive but escort the airship to a Green Storm air base where they are hailed as heroes. The base is soon attacked by the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft and Harrowbarrow. All escape in an airship heading east except Theo who stays behind to retrieve a letter that Wren sent him, but is seemingly killed by a bomb shell. Wolf returns to Harrowbarrow and meets with von Kobold and the Mayor of Manchester Adlai Browne. With support from other Traktionstadtsgesellschaft cities, Browne intends to destroy the Green Storm, despite von Kobold wanting peace. In Tienjing, Naga is informed of the Green Storm air base being attacked but does nothing, disheartened by Zero's supposed death. Cynthia has been poisoning his green tea to make him helpless further and fanatically believes that the Stalker Fang will return. Fishcake and the Stalker Fang, whose personalities seem to be merged, steal Popjoy's air yacht and reach Erdene Tezh and her old home. Inside, she starts to create a device which will relay orders to ODIN. ===Part Three=== Theo survives the attack on the airfield and treks east across the plains toward London, where Wren's letter told him she would be; whilst the surviving Green Storm soldiers are transported off to Forward Command, an old traction city where Hester, Shrike and Zero were taken. Theo eventually reaches New London and is reunited with Wren, as well as warning the residents that the war between the Green Storm and the Traktionstadtsgesellschaft has restarted. ODIN is fired upon Manchester and other cities by the Stalker Fang, killing Browne. Orla Twombley, a pilot formerly from Brighton, observes the destruction and reports to von Kobold in Murnau, telling him and the remaining cities to retreat from a Green Storm weapon. Naga receives communication that Zero is alive, and, realising that Twite has deceived him confronts her. Twite attempts to kill him, but ODIN fires on Tienjing. Naga survives but Twite is killed instantly in the blast. The residents of New London see the firepower of ODIN from afar, and fearing that it is a Green Storm weapon, make plans to head north when the city is finished. Tom, fearing for Wren, takes the Jenny Haniver to Tienjing, hoping to convince Naga to not use his supposed weapon. Tom leaves a letter to Wren saying his goodbyes and entrusting Theo to take care for her, admitting that he is dying. Wolf hears of Manchester's destruction and is determined to continue on to London, claiming to his underlings that Harrowbarrow's creeping nature will help them survive. ===Part Four=== Hester, Shrike, Zero and Pennyroyal make their way to Batmunkh Gompa to reunite with Naga, who has been evacuated to there. They are told of the destruction of traction cities and Tienjing alike, which Shrike deduces is the work of the Stalker Fang. Zero intends to talk to Popjoy as he built the Stalker Fang and may know how to disable her for good. Wren discovers Tom's letter and attempts to follow him with Theo, but they are stopped by Garamond, who believes they are Green Storm agents and are escaping to betray New London. It is revealed that Pomeroy had died in his sleep when Tom left New London and Garamond has taken his place. Garamond arrests the pair, but Childermass frees them and tells them to escape to a Green Storm settlement. It is revealed that Childermass is the mother of Bevis Pod. Tom, flying the Jenny Haniver, is intercepted on his way to Tienjing and brought to Batmunkh Gompa, where he is interrogated by Naga. Tom pleads for Naga to not use the weapon on New London, but Naga mistakes him for a Traktionstadtsgesellschaft spy and disbelieves him. Hester and the others arrive in Batmunkh Gompa, where Zero discovers Popjoy is dead. When Zero meets with Naga, he accuses her of being a spy, believing that London is the master of the new weapon and that Popjoy faked his death to join them. Naga has Zero beaten and detained, then orders for their forces to attack London. Pennyroyal informs Hester and Shrike of Zero's predicament, and Hester is shakily reunited with Tom, who tells her that Theo is alive and with Wren in London. With Shrike, the pair escape on the Jenny Haniver. The Stalker Fang targets Zhan Shan, a volcano, with ODIN, triggering an eruption that will last for weeks and destroy many provinces. Tom and Hester deduce that the Stalker Fang has gone to Erdene Tezh and fly the Jenny Haniver there. Wren and Theo hear Harrowbarrow approaching to devour New London. Wren boards it whilst Theo warns the Londoners of the approaching city. Wren confronts Wolf, and tricks him into diverting Harrowbarrow into an area that is full of energy left from MEDUSA. The Green Storm arrives and attacks, though Wolf continues ahead, having dealt with the Green Storm before, but Harrowbarrow is damaged by MEDUSA's left-over energy. Theo boards it and finds Wren, but Harrowbarrow starts moving again. Naga, informed of Harrowbarrow's approach, realises his error and defends New London, which finally begins to move, with Harrowbarrow in pursuit. Wolf confronts Wren and Theo on Harrowbarrow's back, but Wren accidentally kills Wolf when Naga's airship arrives and rescues them. Naga drops Wren and Theo on New London and pilots his airship straight into Harrowbarrow in a kamikaze attack, destroying the city and allowing New London to escape. On board the Jenny Haniver, Shrike finds Pennyroyal hiding, and the three tie him up. Stalker-birds attack the airship, severely damaging it. Shrike manages to save the three from being killed, but falls out of the ship and into the mountains. The airship downs near Fang's old home, where Hester and Tom leave Pennyroyal. Fishcake, having heard the airship, confronts them and tries to kill Hester, but is stopped by the Stalker Fang. Fishcake demands she kills them, but the Stalker Fang hits him and Fishcake runs away. Tom's heart begins to strain and he collapses. The Stalker Fang, deciding not to kill them as they will all die soon enough, takes Tom into the house as Hester follows. The Stalker Fang explains to Tom and Hester that she destroyed various traction cities and Green Storm bases to make the two sides fight each other, giving her time to send a command to ODIN. This command targets various volcanoes around the Earth, which will erupt and kill humanity in the resulting volcanic winter, but will "make the world green again". Fishcake finds Pennyroyal, and they plan to escape in Popjoy's sky-yacht, but need the keys around the Stalker Fang's neck. Pennyroyal finds an anti-Stalker weapon that Hester dropped and makes his way toward the house. Tom attempts to convince the Anna-side of the Stalker to destroy ODIN, and the Stalker flashes between the converging personalities. Pennyroyal suddenly enters and kills the Stalker Fang, which falls onto the ODIN transmitter and destroys it. Tom's heart strains and he collapses again, whilst Pennyroyal takes the key to the sky-yacht and attempt to bring it to them to save Tom. As Hester takes Tom outside, they see a twinkling star in the sky, and Hester realises that the Stalker Fang had ordered ODIN to destroy itself. Pennyroyal attempts to fly the sky-yacht to Tom and Hester, but is threatened by Fishcake to leave them behind as revenge for leaving him on Brighton. Hester watches the sky-yacht fly away, and she comforts Tom as he dies. Hester commits suicide shortly afterwards. Zero is informed of Naga's demise, and is appointed leader of the Green Storm, which she reforms as the Anti-Traction League. She makes a treaty with von Kobold to cease fighting forever, with many traction cities subsequently becoming static. Popjoy's sky-yacht fails outside Batmunkh Gompa, and Fishcake abandons Pennyroyal, who travels back to Murnau and spends time in debtors' prison before writing a truthful account of the events he survived, titling it Ignorant Armies. However, it is never published due to his fraudulent activities, and Pennyroyal lives out the rest of his life in Peripatetiapolis with an old girlfriend. Fishcake makes his way to Sathya's hermitage, where he lives with her into adulthood and has children of his own. He comes to regret leaving Hester and Tom in Erdene Tezh, though he believes that they were resourceful enough to find a way to escape. Wren and Theo leave New London in the north a year later, and go to Zagwa to see Theo's family. When Airhaven arrives, Wren and Theo buy a new airship with Wolf's expedition money, calling it the Jenny Haniver II and become air-traders. New London thrives as it escapes predator cities and trades with anti-gravity furniture. Miles away, Shrike revives himself and arrives at Erdene Tezh too late, finding the remains of the Stalker Fang. Although her Stalker brain is dead, Shrike downloads memories from the older part of her brain. He then finds Tom and Hester's bodies, and considers taking Hester to be Resurrected, but decides against it when he sees that they held hands when they died. As he takes their bodies, Shrike recalls his own long-lost memories of his own two children (Ruan and Fern from Fever Crumb) before he was turned into a Stalker. Laying the bodies down in an outcrop nearby, Shrike shuts down and watches their bodies decompose over the years. As the years flash by him, an oak tree grows from Hester's body, and he eventually slows this time lapse when he notices human figures nearby. Finally out of his fugue state, Shrike discovers that a forest has grown round him, and meets a girl and a boy. The pair take him down into a village, where Shrike finds that he was considered an old shrine statue, and the people hung flowers around his neck for luck. The Stalker discovers that the village has utilised Childermass' anti-gravity machines, and that he has woken hundreds, if not thousands of years into the future. When he asks if there are any traction cities in the world, the village people explain that they are thought to be fairy tales nowadays and find the idea ridiculous. When the people ask what he was for, Shrike responds that he is a "Remembering Machine", and is asked to tell his story. Shrike starts by speaking the first lines of Mortal Engines: > "It was a dark, blustery day in spring, and the City of London was chasing a > small mining town across the dried-up bed of the old North Sea..." ==References== ==Literature== * Henry Keazor: "'Mortal Engines' und 'Infernal Devices': Architektur- und Technologie-Nostalgie bei Philip Reeve", in: Techniknostalgie und Retrotechnologie, edited by Andreas Böhn and Kurt Möser, Karlsruhe 2010, pp. 129–147 ==External links== * Strange Horizons review * Science Fiction Weekly review (contains plot detail) * The Guardian review Category:Mortal Engines Category:Novels by Philip Reeve Category:British young adult novels Category:Children's science fiction novels Category:Guardian Children's Fiction Prize-winning works Category:British steampunk novels Category:Post-apocalyptic novels Category:Predator Cities Category:2006 British novels Category:2006 science fiction novels Category:2006 children's books Category:Scholastic Corporation books
28660482	A Kist o Wurds	A Kist o Wurds is a BBC Northern Ireland Ulster-Scots radio programme that has been running since 2002.A Kist o Wurds.bbc.co.uk The show is produced by Chris Spurr, for Blackthorn Productions. Each week it contains a selection of music, poetry and news from across the country and is a source of information on the Ulster-Scots language, culture, literary traditions and history.Clare Harrison.Why this cutty was shocked by hamely tongue.Belfast Telegraph.October 17, 2013. Broadcast on BBC Radio Ulster on Sundays at 4pm and repeated on Wednesdays at 7.30pm on Radio Ulster and Radio Foyle. ==Presenters== The radio programme is often presented by Anne Morrison-Smyth and Helen Mark,Cate McCurry.BBC moves to allay fears of Ulster-Scots show axe.Belfast Telegraph. and other presenters include: Charlie Gillen, Conal Gillespie, Jackie Morrison, Laura Spence, Tracey Gillen, Will McAvoy, Willie Cromie, Charlie Reynolds, Alister McReynolds, Willie Drennan, Wilson Burgess and Andy Mattison. == References == == External links == * * BBC Ulster-Scots Voices * BBC Robin's Readings * The Ulster-Scots Language Society * Ulster-Scots Community Network * Ulster-Scots Agency Category:Ulster Scottish Category:Radio programmes in Northern Ireland Category:Scots-language mass media Category:BBC Radio Ulster programmes Category:2002 establishments in Northern Ireland Category:2002 radio programme debuts
2870659	A Captive in the Land	A Captive in the Land () is a 1990 Soviet–American survival drama film directed by John Berry and written by Berry and Lee Gold. The film is based on the 1962 novel of the same name by James Aldridge and stars Sam Waterston, Aleksandr Potapov and Keir Giles.Maltin 1994, p. 922. ==Plot== On an Arctic flight, the crew of a RAF transport aircraft overflies a crashed aircraft. Although a survivor is spotted, the crew realizes that a rescue is not possible and rules out a landing. Rupert Royce (Sam Waterston), a U.S. meteorologist aboard the flight, volunteers to parachute to the ice with first aid supplies to treat the survivor. Bringing supplies with him, Royce lands near the wreckage and finds Averyanov (Aleksandr Potapov), a Soviet navigator, the sole survivor who is injured and unable to be moved. Intending to wait until further help arrives, Royce makes repairs on the shattered aircraft, but soon realizes help is not coming, as the aircraft is far off course. The ice shifts below the wreckage, further complicating their survival. When a blizzard strands the two men and forces them to survive on their own, they have to accept that different cultural backgrounds cannot jeopardize their survival. As supplies run low and a leaking heater nearly kills them, releasing deadly carbon monoxide into their small enclosure, Royce begins to make plans for both of them to find a way to reach civilization, the nearest settlement, 200 miles away. The isolation, ever-present wolves and dwindling supplies leaves Royce little option. Setting out into the wilderness with an improvised sled to carry the injured airman, Averyanov urges Royce to save himself, and not to risk his own life in a vain attempt to save someone who will likely die soon anyway. Royce refuses and strives mightily to save the two "captives" of the wild. ==Cast== * Sam Waterston as Rupert Royce * Aleksandr Potapov as Averyanov * Keir Giles as Squadron Leader Cook * Tony Hall as RAF Plane Crew member * Victor Ignatyev as Chukchee * Aleksei Ivashchenko as RAF Plane Crew member * Albert Kondratyev as Chukchee * Sofron Yefimov as Chukchee * A. Lielise as RAF Plane Crew member * Lyutsiya Dzhangaliyeva as Chukchee * V. Muratov as RAF Plane Loadmaster * L. Tregub as RAF Plane Crew member ==Production== A Captive in the Land was filmed in an island in the Onega Bay of the White Sea: Kiy Island and the Lena Rover, involved two sessions of location shooting. Sam Waterston had to return to Russia to complete the film after Aleksandr Potapov suffered a heart attack, causing a suspension of filming.Budd 2001, p. 96.Champlin, Charles. "Sam Waterston: A Labor of Love for a Versatile Everyman : Acting: The skilled performer is still waiting for his star to really shine with the studios. He's just finished work on a Soviet-American film project." LA Times, June 1, 1990. Retrieved: December 23, 2016. ==Reception== A Captive in the Land was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1991 Cannes Film Festival."Festival de Cannes: A Captive in the Land." festival-cannes.com. Retrieved: December 23, 2016. Stephen Holden in his review for The New York Times, noted: "Had it stuck to the stark physical realities of the situation, "A Captive in the Land," which opens today at the Angelika Film Center, could have been a gripping film. But the movie, which was completed before the crumbling of the Soviet Union, insists on lending the relationship between the American and the Russian a turgid metaphoric significance."Holden, Stephen. "Review/Film; Discovering Brotherhood In the Arctic Wilderness." The New York Times, January 15, 1993. Retrieved: December 23, 2016. A later review in TV Guide has similar assessments: "The plot and theme of A CAPTIVE IN THE LAND dates back, of course, to Jack London, long a favorite author among Russians, and the entire film project is colored by the reconciliation of American and Russian. Whether as a joint production with Maxim Gorky Film Studios or as an expression of rival ideologies (in a brief argument between the characters that seem outdated and silly) 'A Captive in the Land' is oddly unexciting. Potapov's chatty and literate Russian does not mesh at all well with Waterston's laconic would-be hero, and the location scenes look like stock footage.""Review: 'A Captive in the Land'." TV Guide. Retrieved: December 23, 2016. ==References== ===Notes=== ===Citations=== ===Bibliography=== * Budd, David H. Culture Meets Culture in the Movies: An Analysis East, West, North and South with Filmographies. Jefferson, North Carolina:McFarland & Company, 2001. . * Maltin, Leonard. Leonard Maltin's Movie Encyclopedia. New York: Dutton, 1994. . ==External links== * * Category:1991 films Category:1991 drama films Category:1991 independent films Category:1990s multilingual films Category:American aviation films Category:American drama films Category:American independent films Category:American survival films Category:English-language Russian films Category:English-language Soviet films Category:Films about aviation accidents or incidents Category:Films about race and ethnicity Category:Films based on British novels Category:Films directed by John Berry Category:Films scored by Bill Conti Category:Films set on airplanes Category:Films set in Moscow Category:Films set in the Soviet Union Category:American multilingual films Category:Soviet multilingual films Category:Soviet drama films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s American films
28724064	A Casa (play)	A Casa is a theatrical comedy in two acts, written by Miguel M. Abrahão in 1978 and published first in 1983 in Brazil.UFSC ==Plot summary== A Casa, tells a simple story, but its great strength lies in the description passionate and accomplice of the characters. The theme of the play revolves around a seemingly bitter and cynical idea: a woman should become a prostitute, to sustain itself without effort. Josinalda, a lady of strict principles, maintains in his house with his meager salary, Liduina, your sister, Fredegund, your niece, and Creuzilene, your neighbor . Life is peaceful and marked by seemingly commons issues until, unexpectedly, a bandit enters the residence of distinguished ladies, making them hostages. The play then becomes a police comedy, and thus a fascinating intellectual game of cat and mouse, where not everything looks, like really is.COUTINHO, Afrânio; SOUSA, J. Galante de. Enciclopédia de literatura brasileira. São Paulo: Global; Rio de Janeiro: Fundação Biblioteca Nacional, Academia Brasileira de Letras, 2001: 2v. ==Bibliography== * Sociedade Brasileira de Autores Teatrais * National Library of Brazil - Archives ==External links== * Literatura Digital - Digital Library of Literature of UFSC * Encyclopedia of Theatre * Brazilian Society of playwrights ==References== Category:1978 plays Category:Brazilian plays
2873166	A Celebration of Guilt	A Celebration of Guilt is the debut studio album released by death metal band Arsis. == Release == The album was released March 30, 2004 in North America by Willowtip and on July 11, 2005 in Europe via Earache Records. On August 9, 2011, Willowtip released a remastered version of A Celebration of Guilt, which included two bonus tracks. == Reception == === Critical reception === Following its release, it was met with very favorable reviews by online publications such as AllMusic, Metal Storm, and Sputnikmusic. == Track listing == == Personnel == * James Malone – vocals, guitars, bass * Mike Van Dyne – drums == Production == *Bob Gurske - engineering *Steve Carr - mixing, mastering *Mark Riddick - artwork, layout == External links == * ==References== Category:2004 debut albums Category:Arsis albums Category:Willowtip Records albums
28750922	A Little More Love	A Little More Love may refer to: * "A Little More Love" (Jerrod Niemann and Lee Brice song), 2016 * "A Little More Love" (Lisa Stansfield song), 1992 * "A Little More Love" (Olivia Newton-John song), 1978 * "A Little More Love" (Vince Gill song), 1997 ==See also== * "Little More Love", a 2021 song by AJ Tracey from the album Flu Game
28759429	A Cry in the Woods	A Cry in the Woods () is a 2004 Norwegian crime film directed by Erich Hörtnagl, starring Lars Bom, Kristoffer Joner, Laila Goody and Stig Henrik Hoff. When an old lady is brutally murdered, suspicion falls on the escaped mental patient Erkki Jorma (Joner). Only his therapist Sara Rask (Goody) believes that he is innocent, and works with investigator Karsten Skov (Bom) to track down Erkki. Erkki, however, has in the meanwhile been taken hostage by bank robber Morgan (Hoff), whose plan for a perfect getaway is sabotaged when his hostage refuses to leave. ==External links== * * * A Cry in the Woods at the Norwegian Film Institute Category:2004 films Category:2000s crime films Category:Norwegian crime films
28798362	A Encomenda, A Pobra de Trives	thumb|300px|Panorimical view of the parish A Encomenda from the Escrita rock. A Encomenda (San Antonio) is a parish in A Pobra de Trives municipality, Ourense province, Galicia region of north-west Spain. It lies towards the north-east of the province. As of 2009, the population of A Encomenda was 123 (60 males). ==References== Category:Parishes in A Pobra de Trives
28890430	A Little Love (album)	A Little Love is the debut studio album by Hong Kong-based artist Fiona Fung, under the label Sony Music. The album has two editions. The CD + DVD edition was released on 20 November 2008. It features three music videos and a video of Fiona's Tokyo trip. Another edition, in Blu-spec CD format, was subsequently released on 13 January 2010. The records were pressed in Japan to ensure perfect sound quality. == Track listing == == See also == * Sweet Melody == External links == * Sony Music - A Little Love * Mojim.com - A Little Love lyrics * YesAsia's professional review - A Little Love * Category:2008 albums Category:Sony Music Hong Kong albums
28937344	A Little Messed Up	A Little Messed Up is the third studio album by pop-punk band The Dollyrots. It was released on August 17, 2010 on Blackheart Records. ==Reception== The Allmusic review by Tim Sendra awarded the album 3.5 stars stating "The Dollyrots' third album takes the California trio one step further away from the punky sound of their 2004 debut record on Lookout and toward the mainstream... Many of the songs are uptempo and almost fiery, but on the whole, the record is more cuddly than dangerous. Basically, they've tipped the balance on the pop-punk scale completely to the pop side, and anyone looking for a record that has some bite or holds any surprises might want to look elsewhere. And if you were a fan of the earlier Dollyrots albums, you may be a bit disappointed by the direction they've taken. Having said that, A Little Messed Up isn't a bad record." Writing for Pop Matters, critic Lana Cooper said "the Dollyrots continue their mission as purveyors of peppy pop punk." and gave the album a 7/10 rating. == Track listing == == Personnel == The following people worked on the album:A Little Messed Up album cover ;The Dollyrots *Kelly Ogden – bass, vocals *Luis Cabezas – guitar, vocals *Chris Black – drums ;Other musicians *Kim Shattuck – guest vocals on "Some Girls" *Andy Cabezas – background vocals and percussion *Eddie Vasquez – background vocals and percussion *Chris Testa– background vocals and percussion *Fred Archambault – background vocals and percussion *Amy Wood – additional drums/percussion ;Production *Chris Testa– producer, engineer, mixing *Matt Wallace – producer, engineer, mixing *Evan Frankfort – producer, engineer, mixing *Fred Archambault – producer, engineer, mixing *Luis Cabezas – producer, engineer, mixing *Sylvia Massy – mixing, engineer *Jorge Valasco – assistant engineer and editing *Ken Sluiter – digital editing *Rich Veltrop – assistant engineer and editing *Steve Fallone – mastering *Will Kennedy – assistant engineer ;Design *James Jaeger – photography *Carianne Brinkman – layout *Gabe Godin – layout == References == ==External links== * Category:2010 albums Category:The Dollyrots albums Category:Blackheart Records albums Category:Albums recorded at Sound City Studios
28945390	A Bride's Story	is a Japanese historical romance manga series written and illustrated by Kaoru Mori. It was first serialized in Enterbrain's Harta (formerly known as Fellows!) magazine from October 2008 to November 2020, after which it transferred to Kadokawa's magazine in June 2021. Its serial chapters have been collected into fourteen bound volumes as of October 2022. Yen Press licensed the series for an English-language release in North America. A Bride's Story won the ("Intergenerational Award") at the Angoulême International Comics Festival in 2012, as well as the 7th Manga Taishō Award in 2014. ==Synopsis== Set in a rural town near the Caspian Sea during the Russian conquest of Central Asia in the late 19th century, A Bride's Story revolves around a young woman, Amira, who travels from a distant village across the mountains to marry Karluk, a young man eight years her junior. The series follows their relationship as it develops, while introducing storylines about other young women and their daily lives with their respective fiancés and husbands along the Silk Road, and their struggle to keep on their livinghood amidst the advance of the Russian Empire's army. ==Characters== ===Eihon family=== The Eihon family descended from nomads, but have lived in a village for several generations. The family is largely patrilocal, but Yusuf, a son-in-law, married into the family. ; :A twenty-year-old woman and Karluk's bride. She stems from a different (semi-nomadic) tribe. She is skilled in archery, horse- riding, and hunting. A free-spirited, adventurous woman, she is more open and outgoing in her day-to-day activities compared with the rest of the women in the family, who are noticeably more reserved. Despite the noticeable age gap between her and Karluk, she genuinely loves him. Unknown to Amira, some of the men she encounters look down on her because she is considered old for a new bride, and long past the traditional age when women in the society have started having children. ; :Amira's twelve-year-old husband. He is the youngest son of Akunbek and Sanira. He works very hard to be a good traditional husband to Amira, but because of his young age, he struggles to form a closer relationship with her. Karluk is considered an oddity in that he is younger than his bride; traditionally the bride is usually many years younger than the groom. Some men treat Karluk with pity since they fear that his wife will be too old when he is mature enough to have children with her. ; :Karluk's grandfather. ; :Karluk's grandmother who hails from the same clan as Amira and was at least acquainted with Amira's father prior to her marriage to Mahatbek. Naturally, she is very protective of Amira. Like Amira, she is a skillful archer and rider and remains a fearsome individual despite her advanced age. She is nonetheless a loving matriarch who practices her own brand of tough love. As a firm believer in the importance of needlework, she guides both Pariya and Tileke in realising both the necessity of the skill and the matriarchal history that is passed down through it. ; :Karluk's father. Serves as one of the village elders due to his wealth and status. While he is a traditional man, he is also very understanding and very supportive of Karluk and Amira's marriage. ; :Karluk's mother. ; :Yusuf's wife and Karluk's elder sister. She is often surprised by Amira's carefree and spontaneous personality. She patiently explains to Amira when their tribal customs differ. Her three sons often exasperate her with their rowdiness, but she loves them all the same. ; :Karluk's brother-in-law. Seleke's husband. He lives with his wife's family and is a loving yet reasonable father. ; :Daughter of Seleke and Yusuf, and Karluk's niece. As the elder sister of three rowdy brothers, she is more assertive and bossy around them. She loves falcons and is very talented at embroidering. ;, , and :The eldest, middle, and youngest sons of Seleke and Yusuf, respectively, and Karluk's nephews. The trio are playful and rambunctious. Though not malicious, Torkcan and Chalg can go overboard in teasing Rostem, causing him to cry and prompting Yusuf to step in. ; :An English traveler and researcher who lives with the Eihon family. He has been researching the customs, language, and culture of the tribes and peoples. He later leaves the town to visit his friend in Ankara and acquire a camera so that he can record the cultures and people he comes across. ===Residents of the town=== ; :A young woman who is introduced in chapter 6; attracted to Amira's free-spirited nature, the two become good friends. Pariya has always struggled to be a traditional woman in the society, but her habit of speaking her mind regardless of situation creates a lot of uncomfortable situations. As a result, she tends to become anxious in social situations, which results in embarrassing outbursts. She is very good at baking and skilled at creating extremely elaborate designs in her bread, which she teaches to Amira. Her father is Togo, a potter, who feels rather resigned at trying to find a suitable husband for his daughter because her outspoken nature tends to scare off potential suitors. This changes when she is betrothed to Umar, much to her joy, but she becomes anxious trying to act more mature and reliable in order to please him, which sometimes leads to unexpected results. :Pariya also appears in a short-comic spin-off of the series called "Pariya-san wa Otoshigoro". ; :An old man who raises sheep, and told of wolves living around Soma Lake. Introduced in chapter 1. ; :A lovely young woman in the village who is well-regarded because she is skillful at domestic tasks and is well- mannered and good-natured. She is known to have many suitors. Pariya aspires to more like her as she perceives Kamola to be an ideal young woman and tries to discreetly to observe her. When Kamola believes that she has inadvertently angered Pariya due to Pariya's behavior, Pariya admits that she actually looks up to Kamola, who in turn confesses that she admires Pariya's ability to speak her mind. Through Amira's encouragement, Pariya and Kamola become friends. ===Halgal family=== The family Amira was born into. They are nomadic during the summer. Introduced in chapter 4. ; :Amira's eldest brother, a serious and stoic man. He is a respectful individual who addresses Balkirsh as an "esteemed mother" and Karluk as an "honoured brother". He is not present during Amira's wedding, a conspicuous absence that Amira's father-in-law brings up. He struggles between loyalty to his clan and affection for his sister. Though he does not openly oppose his clan's orders, he has expressed frustration over the decisions of his elders. Although he goes along with the attack on Amira's village, he is quick to defend the villagers the moment his clan is betrayed by the Balkans. Initially mistaken for an enemy, he is saved by the village women's intercession. He becomes the leader of the Halgal clan after his father's death in the battle against Amira's village. ; :A maternal cousin of Amira and Azel. His clothing differs from Azel and Baimat's because he is a maternal, not paternal, relative. His deadpan sense of humour and preoccupation with food make him appear more flippant than he is. He disagrees with the clan elders on many matters but does not bother voicing his sentiments because he understands it is futile. This does not stop him from trying to convince Azel to persuade Azel's father, the clan leader, from abandoning the idea to marry Amira to the Numaji as he knows that the Numaji are physically, often fatally, violent to their women. He wants to marry, but understands that the current state of his clan makes it difficult to attract any brides. ; :A paternal cousin of Amira and Azel. Unlike Joruk, Baimat is reserved, stoic, and dependable. He has a stricter sense of morality compared to Joruk and calls the latter out for filching some apricots from a tree in Amira's village. However, like Azel and Joruk, he privately disagrees with the clan elders. He is shown to be a perceptive and encouraging individual, correctly assessing Karluk's feelings towards hunting and Amira, while cheering him up after he makes mistakes while learning to hunt. ; :One of Amira and Azel's younger sisters. Amira describes her as lively and healthy, recalling that Aterui had never been sick. Her death after marrying the Numaji comes as a sudden shock to Amira, but Joruk reveals that she was beaten to death, presumably by her husband. Joruk elaborates that the beating was so severe that her bones shattered, while the matriarch Balkirsh confirms that the Numaji are a violent, barbaric bunch. ; :Another one of Amira, Aterui, and Azel's younger sisters. Like Aterui, she dies shortly after marrying the Numaji. She is heavily implied to have been a victim of domestic abuse. Her death shocks Amira, as she was alive prior to Amira's marriage. Aterui and Karahiga both die within a year of Amira's wedding. ===Other characters=== ; :A clan notorious for their wealth and brutality. ; :A young nomadic woman living with her mother-in-law. Introduced in chapter 12. Married into her current family at age sixteen, but in a few years became a widow of all its five sons as per tradition, which dictates that a widow with no children marries one of her husband's brothers. Since her father-in-law also died, she helps and keeps company to her mother-in-law instead of going back to her own family. She becomes romantically involved with Mr. Smith, and eventually follows him to Ankara. ; :An old nomadic woman. She wishes for Talas to have a future with a loving husband and won't accept any marriage offers that would make her daughter-in-law unhappy, including the one from her uncle. She tries to convince Smith to marry Talas, but fails. Later marries Talas's uncle in order to secure a good match for her. ; :The brother of Talas's father-in-law. A wealthy, aggressive man that wants Talas to be a second wife for his son. He reports Smith to the town's authorities which leads to Smith's arrest and later marries Talas's mother-in-law. ; : Smith's guide to Ankara. Introduced in chapter 15. He is associated with the local military, and unabashedly greedy and resourceful, taking advantage of a situation as he sees fit. He is unmarried, but expresses interest in finding a wife when he feels he has obtained sufficient financial stability. ; : Twin sisters from a thriving fishing village who are of marriageable age. They are very mischievous and are always together, sharing the same ideas about nearly everything. When Mr. Smith and Ali arrive in their village, Laila and Leyli have been causing trouble trying to find wealthy grooms for themselves who will also bend to their will. Their father later marries the two sisters to the first and second sons of one of his friends. ; : Laila and Leyli's father is a fisherman who is strict with his children. He allows Mr. Smith to remain at his house believing he is a doctor. Though he wants to find good husbands for his daughters, he is reluctant to do so because he worries about the expense of dowries for both of them. The twins' mother, , is also very strict with them, often having little patience for their antics and not hesitating to resort to severe methods to ensure they will be good wives someday. However, she cares for them deeply and it is implied she was very much like her daughters when she was young. The girls' family also includes several younger siblings, their maternal aunt, their grandfather, and their grandmother, who proves to be very adept at tricking the twins into doing household tasks. ; : Sarmaan and Farsami are the eldest and second sons, respectively, of a fisherman, and both happen to be fishermen themselves. Their father is an old friend of Laila and Leyli's father and the brothers are childhood friends of the twins. When their father suggests that the twins marry the brothers, they are mostly indifferent and admit to have been expected it. When their fathers are too caught up with arguing about dowries, the brothers are arbitrarily matched to the twins so they will get to know each other better. Both brothers express a mature attitude towards marriage, and with both pairs satisfied with the matches, Sarm is paired with Laila, and Sami with Leyli. ; : The young wife of a wealthy and kindhearted man living in Persia. She is the mother of a young son, Hasan. Smith and Ali are briefly guests in the home of Anis' husband, though Smith never sees Anis herself. Though Anis has everything she could have, she is isolated and lonely until her maid Maarfe encourages her to join her at the public baths. Anis forms an immediate connection with Sherine, with whom she hopes to form a bond of sisterhood with. ; : A taciturn woman married to a poor man and the mother of a son a little older than Hasan. Sherine becomes fond of Anis, finding her endearing. Shortly after she and Anis commit themselves as sisters, Sherine's husband dies because of an illness. Anis persuades her husband to take Sherine on as a second wife and her family joins the household. ; : Pariya's suitor, a young man close to her age whose father raises sheep and runs a traveler's inn. A thoughtful and observant youth, he is skillful at a number of tasks, including calculating figures on an abacus. His father has been searching for a suitable bride for his son for some time and took notice of Pariya when she accompanied the Eihons to find Mr. Smith during his brief engagement to Talas. In contrast to Pariya's other suitors, Umar seems to like Pariya's outspokenness, though she is constantly flustered around him and becomes even more conscientious of her lack of gentle qualities, and Umar's father considers her liveliness to be a positive trait. When her town is severely damaged by the attack from the Halgals, Pariya and Umar's engagement is delayed. ==Publication== A Bride's Story is written and illustrated by Kaoru Mori. It was first serialized in Enterbrain's manga magazine Harta (formerly known as Fellows!) from 14 October 2008 to 13 November 2020. It transferred to Kadokawa's manga magazine on 18 June 2021. The series' chapters have been collected into fourteen volumes by Kadokawa as of 20 October 2022. The first nine volumes were published under Enterbrain's Beam Comix imprint; subsequent volumes have been published under Kadokawa's Harta Comix imprint. In addition to the release, a wide-ban collector's edition of the manga has been issued by Kadokawa since 20 August 2021. The wide-ban features large pages, high-quality paper, fold-out color illustrations, and special boxes to store each volume in. A Bride's Story is also available in digital e-book format in Japan. Yen Press licensed the series for an English-language release in North America. The first volume was published on 31 May 2011; the thirteenth and most recent volume was published on 19 April 2022. The series received a digital release starting on 25 September 2018. A Bride's Story is also licensed for regional language releases by Ki-oon in France, Tokyopop Germany in Germany, J-Pop Manga in Italy, Norma Editorial in Spain, Studio JG in Poland, Punainen jättiläinen in Finland, Level Comics in Indonesia, Daewon C.I. in Korea, Kadokawa Taiwan in Taiwan, Siam Inter Comics in Thailand, and IPM in Vietnam. ==Reception== A Bride's Story won the Manga Taishō Award in 2014. It was previously nominated for the award in 2011 and 2013. The series also won the ("Intergenerational Award") at France's Angoulême International Comics Festival in 2012. It was nominated for an Eisner Award in 2012 and 2016. The American Library Association's YALSA division included the first volume on its list of Great Graphic Novels For Teens in 2012. ==References== ==External links== * * Interview with Kaoru Mori, part 1 at Comic Natalie * Interview with Kaoru Mori, part 2 at Comic Natalie Category:2008 manga Category:Comics set in the 19th century Category:Enterbrain manga Category:Historical anime and manga Category:Manga Taishō Category:Marriage in anime and manga Category:Romance anime and manga Category:Seinen manga Category:Slice of life anime and manga Category:Works about Central Asia Category:Yen Press titles
28995523	A Defeated People	A Defeated People is a 1946 British documentary short film made by the Crown Film Unit, directed by Humphrey Jennings and narrated by William Hartnell. The film depicts the shattered state of Germany, both physically and as a society, in the immediate aftermath of World War II. The narration explains what is being done – and what needs to be done – both by the occupying Allied forces and the German people themselves to build a better Germany from the ruins. ==Synopsis== The film opens with a map of the German zones of occupation with the British zone highlighted. Voiceovers in a variety of English class accents offer a snapshot of what is being said about Germany in Britain ("They asked for it and they got it!", "You can't let them starve", "As far as I can see it'd be a good thing if some of them did die"). A series of images shows the country's shattered infrastructure, with destroyed roads, bridges, railway lines and factories. This is followed by shots of missing persons noticeboards and posters with the information that 30 million Germans – almost half the population – are still looking for lost relatives and friends. Destitute children are seen sitting aimlessly in the streets. A shot of a woman nursing a baby is accompanied with the statement "We can't wash our hands of the Germans, because we can't afford that new life to flow in any direction it wants". The military authorities are shown mobilising civilians to begin the task of cleaning up and rebuilding, and it is explained that the aim is to prevent not only starvation and epidemics, but also "diseases of the mind", i.e. "new brands of Fascism". People are shown living in the cellars of bombed buildings, without heat, light, water or sanitation. Coal is singled out as the single most vital resource, with the British "Coal Control" unit organising the output and distribution of the Ruhr coalfield production. A Catch-22 situation is detailed, whereby coal is needed for power and transport, but without the power and transport infrastructure already in place the coal cannot be moved to where it needs to be. There is no coal to spare for civilian use, so the populace have to forage for timber as a power source. Civilian railway travel on what survives of the network is only possible with a permit issued by the military authorities, but the volume of passengers still overwhelms the capacity. A train is seen leaving Hamburg for Kiel with dozens of people riding the buffers or hanging on the outside, ignoring loudhailer announcements that this is forbidden. The establishment of a new German police force is outlined, with the explanation that henceforth the policeman "must understand that he is the servant of the public, and not its master". Civilians receive food rations of between 1000 and 1200 calories per day. Survey teams from the Red Cross carry out tests on health to check whether the rations are adequate to keep people fit enough to work. Education is mentioned as a particular headache, as "you will never get Nazi ideas out of the heads of some of the adults". Children are seen playing among the ruins, but a new breed of teacher is being recruited to teach the next generation that "there are other things in life beyond Nazism and war". However schools and teachers are too few and children too many. The problem is that children are growing up "and getting more like their fathers". The Krupp family industrial dynasty is singled out for mention as "just as responsible for killing Allied soldiers as Hitler and Göring". Footage is shown of their destroyed ammunition and armaments factories. Surviving members of the Wehrmacht are seen being processed. These men must be reassimilated into society somehow, "not only their bodies, but also their minds". If so much as one man or woman is appointed to office while still believing in Nazi values and German supremacy, "you have the beginnings of another war". Therefore, they are all put through a rigorous demobilisation screening process. Anyone who is on the wanted list, or otherwise suspect in any way. is rejected for demobilisation and sent "back to the cage". When the nightly curfew falls, the civilian population must get off the streets and fix for themselves as best they can. Air-raid sirens sound "to remind them that it is up to them to regain their self-respect as a nation". The film ends with images of children dancing in a ring accompanied by the statement that the Allies will remain until they can be sure that the next generation will represent "a Germany of light and life and freedom...truth, tolerance and justice". ==Production== Footage for A Defeated People was shot in the British Zone of Occupation, covering the north-west of Germany. Filming started in August 1945. The main location chosen for filming was the area in and around the devastated city of Hamburg, with scenes of Cologne, Essen and Aachen also used. The film was one of the first to show the consequences of World War II for ordinary German civilians, made at a time when the prevailing attitude towards them in the Allied nations was still of hostility and suspicion, alongside a desire for retribution and a sense that they were now justly reaping what they had sown and deserved every hardship that had come their way. Jennings acknowledged this in the film, while also trying maintain a neutral, non-punitive tone to highlight that attempts by the Allies to rebuild post-war Germany were vital to minimise the risk of future conflict. He admitted that it was extraordinarily difficult to find a narrative middle ground which was neither vengeful towards the German people, nor exculpatory of them. Writing to his wife from Germany, he said: "They certainly don't behave guilty or beaten. They have their old fatalism to fall back on: 'Kaput' says the housewife finding the street water pipe not working...'Kaput ... alles ist kaput.' Everything's smashed...how right – but absolutely no suggestion that it might be their fault – her fault. 'Why' asks another woman fetching water 'why do not you help us?' 'You' being us. At the same time nothing is clearer straight away than that we cannot – must not leave them to stew in their own juice ... well anyway it's a hell of a tangle."Humphrey Jennings: Filmmaker, Painter, Poet Jennings, Mary-Lou. British Film Institute, 1982 Retrieved 28 September 2010 Modern analyses of the film tend to point up a dichotomy between the narration and the images it accompanies. There are some points in the narrative which overtly state that Germany as a nation must accept collective guilt for the outcome of a war they started; the images however show people as individuals and offer a measure of sympathy for their situation and hope for a better future. The British Moving Picture Archive suggests that here Jennings as a director shows an "interest in, and concern for, common humanity (which) cannot be repressed even in such a context".A Defeated People Moving History. Retrieved 28 September 2010 ==Score== Muir Mathieson was the musical director and the music was composed by Guy Warrack. Both were uncredited. It was Warrack's second documentary score for Crown following The Last Shot of the year before. Mathieson wrote: ==Critical reception== A Defeated People received a very favourable reaction from contemporary critics, who viewed it as an important film on a vital subject of its day, which would answer many of the questions being asked by its audience about the reality of life in defeated Germany. Comments included: "Once again the Crown Film Unit do an inspired job of reporting." (Sunday Dispatch); "This film will stay in your mind and that is high praise of any film. Though it reeks of desolation and defeat it is infused with purpose. You will never obtain from any written or spoken narrative such an effect of empty misery and crushed aggressiveness, of a country so lost it is ripe for anything." (News Chronicle); "A grim panorama of destruction and ruin, of shattered industries, of tattered people living in cellars and searching for lost relatives." (The Star) and "All the more impressive for its restraint. The tone is agreeably free from gloating." (Daily Telegraph). The main shortcoming of the film was cited as its brevity (18 minutes), meaning that it could only skim over the surface of the complex and intractable issues involved. The Daily Worker noted "It is a fine piece of screen-craft...but how the subject screams for a wider, deeper approach". The Glasgow Herald agreed that while it was "a fine example of British production", it gave the impression of having been "cut down to the bone". The Sunday Times too felt that in such a short running-time "the attempt to cover...the whole task of the Military Government in the British zone is hopeless".A Defeated People – what the film reviews said in 1946 Retrieved 28 September 2010 ==Copyright status== A Defeated People is attested to be in the public domain in the United States, and is available for viewing or free download on the Internet Archive. ==References== == External links == * * * A Defeated People at BFI Screen Online Category:1946 films Category:1946 documentary films Category:Black-and-white documentary films Category:1940s short documentary films Category:British short documentary films Category:Crown Film Unit films Category:Films directed by Humphrey Jennings Category:Films set in Germany Category:Films shot in Hamburg Category:Documentary films about Germany Category:British black-and-white films Category:1940s English-language films Category:1940s British films
29033248	A Little Bit of You	"A Little Bit of You" is a song written by Trey Bruce and Craig Wiseman, and recorded by American country music singer Lee Roy Parnell. It was released in May 1995 as the lead single from his album We All Get Lucky Sometimes, his first release for the Career Records branch of Arista Records. The song spent 20 weeks on the Hot Country Songs charts, peaking at number two in 1995. ==Music video== The music video was directed by Jim Yukich and premiered in mid-1995. ==Chart performance== "A Little Bit of You" debuted at number 67 on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks for the week of May 20, 1995. Chart (1995) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1995) Position Canada Country Tracks (RPM) 48 US Country Songs (Billboard) 27 ==References== Category:1995 singles Category:Lee Roy Parnell songs Category:Songs written by Trey Bruce Category:Songs written by Craig Wiseman Category:Song recordings produced by Scott Hendricks Category:Arista Nashville singles Category:1995 songs
29045544	A Christmas Cornucopia	A Christmas Cornucopia is the fifth studio album, and the first Christmas album, by Scottish singer-songwriter Annie Lennox, released in November 2010. It was Lennox's first album after signing to the Universal Music Group (Island Records in the UK, Decca in the US and Canada) following her departure from Sony BMG, which had been her label for almost 30 years. The album is a collection of Lennox's favourite Christmas songs, though includes one original track written by Lennox, "Universal Child", which was released digitally as a single on 12 October 2010. A music video for Lennox's version of the classic Christmas carol "God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen" premiered on 4 November 2010, which was released as the second digital single from the album. A tenth anniversary special edition of the album was released on 20 November 2020 including a new recording, "Dido's Lament". ==Reception== Metacritic gives A Christmas Cornucopia a weighted average score of 73 based on 9 reviews, meaning "generally favorable reviews". Ian Wade of BBC Music gave the album a very positive review, saying "this collection could find itself becoming as much a part of the holiday season as arguments with loved ones." Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine awarded the album 3.5/5 and said "Lennox seems more inspired on A Christmas Cornucopia than she has in years." John Hunt of Qatar Today magazine gave the album 9/10 and said "in particular, the vocal work and musical arrangement of 'God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen' are impactful to the point of being intimidating."Qatar Today, Jan 2011, Music, Books and Film ==Track listing== ==Commercial performance== As of January 2011, Christmas Cornucopia has sold 179,000 copies in United States. ==Personnel== *Annie Lennox – accordion, African drums, African percussion, arranger, dulcimer, Fender Rhodes, flute, harmonium, keyboards, marimba, orchestral arrangements, pan pipes, percussion, piano, pipe organ, producer, reed organ, santur, string arrangements, triangle, vibraphone, vocal percussion, vocals, whisper, whistle, Wurlitzer *Dave Robbins – conductor *Mike Stevens – arranger, bass, drones, engineer, glockenspiel, acoustic guitar, nylon string guitar, keyboards, mixing, music box, orchestral arrangements, organ, Hammond organ, oud, African drums, producer, programming, string arrangements, strings *Barry Van Zyl – African drums, percussion *The African Children's Choir – vocals ;Technical *Matt Allison, Marcus Byrne - engineer *Heff Moraes - mixing, mixing consultant *Mike Owen - photography ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Weekly chart performance for A Christmas Cornucopia Chart (2010–2011) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA) 76 ===Year-end charts=== 2010 year-end chart performance for A Christmas Cornucopia Chart (2010) Position UK Albums (OCC) 69 2011 year-end chart performance for A Christmas Cornucopia Chart (2011) Position US Billboard 200 185 ==Certifications== ==Release history== Region Date Label Format Catalogue Germany 12 November 2010 Decca Records CD, digital download B0043A0PXU 12 November 2010 LP record B0043A0PY4 United Kingdom 15 November 2010 Island Records CD, digital download Ireland United States 16 November 2010 Decca Records 23 November 2010 LP record ==References== Category:Annie Lennox albums Category:2010 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by Scottish artists Category:Decca Records albums Category:Island Records albums
29153723	A Certain Mister	A Certain Mister (French: Un certain monsieur) is a 1950 French crime film directed by Yves Ciampi and starring René Dary, Hélène Perdrière and Pierre Destailles.Vincendeau p.152 It was shot at the Billancourt Studios in Paris. The film's sets were designed by the art director Lucien Carré. The script is based on Jean Le Hallier's 1947 novel of the same title.Goble p.277 ==Synopsis== When documents vital to French national security are stolen, the police join forces with three master criminals in order to recover them. == Cast == * Hélène Perdrière as L'Index, member of the band * René Dary as Le Pouce, member of the band * Pierre Destailles as Le Majeur, member of the band * Louis Seigner as Commissioner Clergé * Marc Cassot as inspector César alias André Paris * Junie Astor as Edmée Lamour * Lise Delamare as Mrs. Lecorduvent * Louis de Funès as Thomas Boudeboeuf, journalist of "l'avenir Sauveterrois" * Alice Field as Mrs. Léonard * Julienne Paroli as La bigote * Paulette Andrieux as Mademoiselle Germaine Sabrelong, la fille du notaire * René Blancard as Le commissaire Bellefontaine * Roland Toutain as Un complice * Emile Genevois as Un complice * Julien Maffre as Un complice * Paul Demange as Léonard * Tony Taffin as Ottavio * Robert Lussac as Hector * Henri Vilbert as Antoine * Alexandre Mihalesco as Alexandre Lecorduvent, antiquaire * Titys as Un vieux monsieur * Guy Favières as Le sacristain * Catherine Arley * Claude Castaing * Jacques Sablon * Edmond Tamiz * Jean-Paul Moulinot * Charles Bayard * Emile Remongin * Louis Bugette == References == ==Bibliography== * Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999. * Vincendeau, Ginette. Stars and Stardom in French Cinema. Bloomsbury Publishing, 2000. == External links == * * Un certain monsieur (1949) at the Films de France Category:1950 films Category:French crime films Category:1950s French-language films Category:French black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Yves Ciampi Category:1950 crime films Category:1950s French films Category:Films based on French novels Category:Films shot at Billancourt Studios
29163555	A Crime in Paradise	A Crime in Paradise () is a 2001 French comedy film directed by Jean Becker, adapted by Sebastien Japrisot from the story by Sacha Guitry, and starring Jacques Villeret and Josiane Balasko. The scenario was used on the film La Poison (1951). ==Plot== 1980, in a rural village in the Lyon region, Saint- Julien-sur-Bibost. Joseph Poacher ("Jojo") and his wife Lucienne ("Lulu"), a nagging shrew and inveterate alcoholic, lead a married life for the less confrontational, in their farm located in a place called "Paradise". One day, Jojo watches a story on television about a brilliant lawyer who has just achieved his twenty-fifth acquittal. Very impressed, Jojo will seeks the lawyer out. He tells her he killed his wife even though he hasn't actually yet done so. By a set of very clever questions, is explaining how he would have had to make to be pretty sure to get the extenuating circumstances. Jojo in then returns to "Paradise" and begins to organize, as directed by the lawyer, the staging of the "perfect crime". == Cast == * Jacques Villeret as Jojo Braconnier * Josiane Balasko as Lulu Braconnier * André Dussollier as Lawyer Jacquard * Suzanne Flon as Mistress * Gérard Hernandez as Jacky * Roland Magdane as The coffee's owner * Valérie Mairesse as Magali * Jacques Dacqmine as President Laborde * Dominique Lavanant as Mlle Goudilleux * Jean Dell as Judge Frégard * Daniel Prévost as Lawyer Miramont * Jenny Clève as Madame Bertrand * Cécile Vassort as Madame Ramirez * Eric Bougnon as Briscot * Jean- Michel Martial as Jacky Lévêque * Roger Crouzet as Mr. Doucet * Christine Delaroche as Jacquard's assistant * Maryse Deol as The dealer in notions * Armand Chagot as Officer of police station * Michel Bonnet as The substitute == References == == External links == * * Category:2001 films Category:French comedy-drama films Category:2001 comedy-drama films Category:2000s French- language films Category:Films based on works by Sacha Guitry Category:Films directed by Jean Becker Category:Films set in 1980 Category:Remakes of French films Category:2000s French films
29240609	A Cotton Office in New Orleans	A Cotton Office in New Orleans, also known as Interior of an Office of Cotton Buyers in New Orleans and Portraits in an Office (New Orleans), is an oil painting by Edgar Degas. Degas depicts the interior of his maternal uncle Michel Musson's cotton firm in New Orleans. Musson, Degas's brothers René and Achille, Musson's son-in-law William Bell, and other associates of Musson are shown engaged in various business and leisure activities while raw cotton rests on a table in the middle of the office. Degas created the painting in the early part of 1873 during an extended visit with family in New Orleans. His trip coincided with the political turbulence of Reconstruction. Degas exhibited the work at the 1876 Impressionist Exhibition in Paris. Degas hoped to sell the painting to a textile manufacturer in Manchester but was unsuccessful. A Cotton Office in New Orleans was eventually sold in 1878 to the Municipal Museum in Pau, France. Degas was the only major French Impressionist to travel to the United States and paint US subjects. == Background == === Family ties to New Orleans and visit === Edgar Degas had familial ties to Creole New Orleans. Germain Musson, Degas's maternal grandfather, was born of French descent in Port-Au-Prince. In the aftermath of the Haitian Revolution, he relocated in 1810 to New Orleans where he established himself as a cotton exporter. Musson married Marie Céleste Désirée Rillieux who was from a prominent Creole family. They had five New Orleans- born children including Degas's mother, Marie-Célestine Musson, and Michel Musson. After his wife died in 1819, Germain Musson moved his family to Paris. He relocated back to New Orleans after the 1832 marriage of his daughter Marie-Célestine to Auguste Degas. When Edgar was born, Auguste arranged the purchase of a New Orleans cottage in his son's name. Edgar Degas made his first and only trip to the United States and the birthplace of his mother in the fall of 1872 at the behest of his brother René. René at the time was running a cotton brokerage in New Orleans with their other brother Achille. René had married his first cousin Estelle Musson, daughter of Michel Musson. Before he left for New Orleans, Edgar was at an artistic crossroads. He was still uncertain about focusing his painting on contemporary subjects and had not yet found much success selling his art. During his stay in New Orleans, Edgar Degas resided in Michel Musson's rented mansion in the Garden District. Degas lived with his uncle; René, Estelle and their family; Michel Musson's other two daughters (one of whom was married to businessman William Bell) and their families. He spent much time painting these family members, especially Estelle. However, Degas expressed dissatisfaction with this work in letters to his friends Henri Rouart and James Tissot. Michel Musson and his partners ran a cotton factoring firm whose office was in close proximity to Achille and René's business. William Bell and his business partner Frederick Nash Ogden worked in the cotton trade close by. Degas would spend some time each day in his brothers' office receiving and responding to mail, reading newspapers, and overhearing his brothers' and their associates' commercial conversations. Degas would write to Tissot that, in New Orleans, "One speaks of nothing but cotton." === Cotton, slavery, Civil War, and Reconstruction === The production and sale of cotton was vital to the Antebellum Southern US economy. It was also inextricably linked to slavery in the United States. During the Civil War, cotton played a pivotal role in the Confederacy's diplomatic strategy. New Orleans stood at the heart of the cotton and slave trades as both the United States' most important cotton port and its largest slave market. Despite emancipation and the end of the plantation-slave complex in 1865, newly freed black farmers were still the main labor force in cotton production and were subjected to oppressive sharecropping systems and continued political persecution during Reconstruction. Members of the Musson and Degas families owned slaves, supported the Confederacy, and had ties to and participated in white supremacist groups during Reconstruction. Germain and Michel Musson both owned slaves. Edgar Degas's mother had her dowry increased by her father's sale of a young slave girl. Michel Musson, Auguste and René Degas invested in confederate bonds. In 1873, Musson was briefly a supporter of the Louisiana Unification Movement, which sought interracial cooperation and public integration. However, he, René Degas, William Bell, and Bell's associate Frederick Nash Ogden, became members and leaders of the White League and would participate in the Battle of Liberty Place. == Painting == === Creation === Initially intending to leave New Orleans around New Year's, Edgar Degas remained in the city until around March of 1873. Before his departure, Degas found a new subject to paint and wrote to Tissot, "After having wasted time in the family trying to do portraits in the worst conditions of the day that I have ever found or imagined, I have attached myself to a fairly vigorous picture… Interiors of a Cotton Buyers Office in New Orleans… What a lot of good this absence of Paris has done in any case, my dear friend, I have made the most of it." While it was earlier believed to have been painted on his return to France, Degas finished A Cotton Office in New Orleans in America and arranged for its travel across the Atlantic. === Composition === A Cotton Office in New Orleans is both a family portrait and a depiction of 19th century capitalism. Degas paints the interior of Michel Musson's cotton factoring firm, Musson, Prestidge, and Company on Carondelet Street. Several of Degas's relatives are depicted engaged in a range of activities. Musson is seated in the foreground and is examining cotton for its quality. His legs are cropped by the lower frame and the top of his hat is surrounded by cotton. To his left is an empty chair where raw cotton rests. René Degas sits close by, reading The Daily Picauyne. Achille Degas leans against an open window to the far left. William Bell stands next to the long table in the middle, cotton in his hands as he encourages a customer to sample it himself. Other figures include Musson's business partners and associates, bookkeeping or wearing dusters while they inspect cotton. In the middle of the painting is a "sea of cotton" covering a table. A small tuft has fallen off, resting by William Bell's foot. The shelves in the back of the office hold stacks of brown paper- wrapped cotton bale samples. In the top right, there is a picture of a steamship hanging above a safe. === Analysis === Art historian Michelle Foa notes that the painting alludes to the life cycle of cotton. Cotton is represented in its raw form and its transformation into textiles is suggested through the men's finished clothing along with the various papers scattered around the office. The picture of the steamship evokes the transit of cotton across the Atlantic. Art historian Marilyn Brown points out that even though the production of cotton is not shown in the painting, "Degas's Cotton Office ultimately represses, disavows, and dematerializes the oppression of black labor by transforming its white product into a commodity sold by anxious white men." === Links to Degas's other paintings === ==== Ballet paintings ==== A Cotton Office in New Orleans shares similarities with Degas's paintings of ballet rehearsals. The floor in the office is sloped in a way that resembles Degas's depictions of dance floors. The men are gathered in casual yet controlled groupings while some have assumed balletic positions. The office's interior windows resemble mirrors for working the barre. A Cotton Office exhibits a link to Degas's 1872 painting Dance Class at the Opera on the rue Le Peletier as both works feature a visible empty chair. While the chair in A Cotton Office holds raw cotton, the seat in Dance Class features a white cloth, a finished textile product. Degas personally collected various fabrics. He also painted textiles throughout his career ranging from the ballet outfits to the clothes seen in renderings of laundresses. It is likely that some of the fabrics in these depiction were manufactured from southern cotton. ==== Cotton Merchants in New Orleans ==== Degas painted another rendering of cotton buyers around the same time titled Cotton Merchants in New Orleans. It is an oil sketch that has compositional similarities with A Cotton Office in New Orleans. Both paintings feature a table covered in amorphous cotton, similarly dressed men wearing formal attire, a picture within a picture of a steamship, and a contrast of the men's black attire with the white cotton. However, Degas describes Cotton Merchants as "less complicated and more spontaneous, of a better art, where people are in summer dress, white walls, a sea of cotton of the tables." Cotton Merchants is also noted as more "impressionistic" with its handling of light and airier brushstrokes than the more realistic A Cotton Office. Cotton Merchants in New Orleans is now located at the Harvard Art Museums in Cambridge, Massachusetts. File:Edgar Germain Hilaire Degas 005.jpg|A Cotton Office in New Orleans shared compositional similarities to some of Degas's ballet paintings including The Dance Class at the Opera on the rue Le Peletier. File:Cotton Merchants in New Orleans by Edgar Degas 1873.jpeg|Compared to the meticulous A Cotton Office in New Orleans, Degas's Cotton Merchants in New Orleans is a more "impressionistic" sketch. == Exhibitions, reception, and sale == Degas had originally hoped to sell his A Cotton Office in New Orleans to a certain cotton manufacturer and art collector in Manchester, England. Manchester was one of the world's largest centers for cotton manufacturing at the time. However, the Panic of 1873 and its resulting economic depression had an adverse effect on the global cotton trade and the art market in both England and France. The Manchester art collector sold his entire collection of works in April of 1873. In addition, Paul Durand-Ruel, who supported many of the Impressionist artists including Degas, suffered financial losses in 1874 and temporarily ceased his purchases. At the same time, Degas's family experienced a series of financial setbacks. Auguste Degas died in 1874 and left considerable outstanding debts. René and Achille Degas had also suffered losses that Edgar and the rest of the family took on. There was now a greater need for Edgar to make money from selling his art. === 1876 Impressionist Exhibition === Edgar Degas showed A Cotton Office in New Orleans in 1876 at the Impressionists' second Paris exhibition. Other participating artists included Claude Monet, Berthe Morisot, Auguste Renoir, and Camille Pissarro. Degas exhibited A Cotton Office along with 23 other works including several of his laundress and ballet paintings. A Cotton Office was singled out more than other exhibited works for critical comment and received mostly positive reviews. Some critics favored A Cotton Office to the other works of Degas and other artists in the exhibition for its relatively finished quality. Critic Arthur Baigneres wrote, "One of the most reasonable of all [Degas's] pictures, which represents cotton merchants of New Orleans, gives us faces well-modeled and drawn with care… If one judged M. Degas only on the basis of this picture, one would be truly amazed to see him in such company." Similarly, Alfred de Lostalt published in his review of the 1876 exhibition that A Cotton Office "is also a good picture which has nothing to do with revolutionary methods." French art critic Marius Chaumelin noted that A Cotton Office offered a "remarkably painted" interior space and that the work "will not disappoint those who love accurate, frankly modern painting, and who think that the expression of ordinary life and execution ought to count." However, not all the reviews praised the painting. Novelist Emile Zola wrote that "as [Degas] completes his work, his draftsmanship becomes blurred and pathetic. He paints pictures like Portraits in an Office (New Orleans), halfway between a seascape and a plate from an illustrated journal. He has excellent artistic perspectives, but I am afraid his brush will never really be creative." Despite its notable critical popularity, Degas failed to sell A Cotton Office in the immediate aftermath of the 1876 exhibition. === 1878 Pau Exhibition and sale === The art society in Pau, France, held local art exhibitions that in 1876 and 1877 showed works by prominent artists such as Courbet, Manet, and some of the Impressionists. Degas participated in these exhibitions and was able to sell one of his works in 1876. For the 1878 exhibition, he entered A Cotton Office in New Orleans where it received mixed reviews by the local critics. After the exhibition, a five-member committee appointed by the mayor of Pau decided to purchase A Cotton Office for Pau's local Museum at a price of 2,000 francs. == References == == Sources == * * * * * Category:1873 paintings Category:Paintings by Edgar Degas Category:Cotton industry in the United States Category:Culture of New Orleans
2926597	A City of Sadness	A City of Sadness () is a 1989 Taiwanese historical drama directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien. It tells the story of a family embroiled in the "White Terror" that was wrought on the Taiwanese people by the Kuomintang government (KMT) after their arrival from mainland China in the late 1940s, during which thousands of Taiwanese and recent emigres from the Mainland were rounded up, shot, and/or sent to prison. The film was the first to deal openly with the KMT's authoritarian misdeeds after its 1945 takeover of Taiwan, which had been relinquished following Japan's defeat in World War II, and the first to depict the February 28 Incident of 1947, in which thousands of people were massacred by the KMT. A City of Sadness was the first (of three) Taiwanese films to win the Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival, and is often considered Hou's masterpiece. The film was selected as the Taiwanese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences This film is regarded as the second installment in the Wu Nien-jen trilogy as well as the first installment in a loose trilogy of Hsiao-Hsien's films that deal with Taiwanese history, which also includes The Puppetmaster (1993) and Good Men, Good Women (1995). These films are collectively called the "Taiwan Trilogy" by academics and critics. ==Plot== The film follows the Lin family in a coastal town near Taipei, Taiwan from 1945 to 1949, the period after the end of 50 years of Japanese colonial rule and before the establishment of a government-in-exile in Taiwan by Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist Kuomintang forces once the Communist army captured mainland China. The film starts on August 15, 1945, with the voice of Emperor Hirohito announcing Japan's unconditional surrender. When Taiwan regained its sovereignty, people were full of joy. A large number of people from the mainland went to Taiwan such as Kuomintang troops, gangsters and people with socialist ideas. Meanwhile, Lin Wen-hsiung, who runs a bar called "Little Shanghai" and is the eldest of the Lin's four sons, awaits the birth of his child. The second son disappeared in the Philippines during the war. The fourth and youngest son, Wen-ching, is a doctor and photographer with leftist leanings who became deaf following a childhood accident; he is close friends with Hiroe and Hiroe's sister, Hiromi. The third son, Lin Wen-liang, had been recruited by the Japanese to Shanghai as an interpreter. After the defeat of Japan, he was arrested by the Kuomintang government on charges of treason. As a result, his mental condition was stimulated and he had been in hospital since he returned to Taiwan. When he recovered, he met his old acquaintance. He began to engage in illegal activities, including the theft of Japanese currency notes and a smuggling operation run by Shanghainese gangsters. Wen-hsiung eventually learns of this and stops Wen-liang. However, this leads the Shanghainese mob to arrange for Wen-liang's imprisonment on false charges of collaboration with the Japanese. While in prison, Wen-liang is tortured and suffers brain damage as a result. The February 28 Incident of 1947 occurs, in which thousands of Taiwanese people are massacred by Kuomintang troops. The Lin family follows announcements related to the event via radio, in which Chen Yi, the chief executive of Taiwan, declares martial law to suppress dissenters. The wounded pour into the neighborhood clinic, and Wen-ching is arrested but eventually released. Hiroe heads for the mountains to join the leftist guerillas. Wen- ching expresses his desire to join Hiroe, but Hiroe convinces Wen-ching to return and marry Hiromi, who loves him. When Lin Wen-hsiung is gambling at a casino one day, a fight breaks out with one of the Shanghainese who previously framed Wen-liang. This results in Wen-hsiung being shot and killed by a Shanghainese mafia member. Following Wen-hsiung's funeral, Wen-ching and Hiromi marry at home, and Hiromi later bears a child. The couple supports Hiroe's resistance group, but the guerilla forces are defeated and executed. They manage to inform Wen-ching of the fact and encourage him to escape, but Hiromi later recounts that they did not have anywhere to go. As a result, Wen- ching is soon arrested by the Kuomintang for his involvement with the guerillas, and there are only Hiromi and her son left at home. ==Historical background== During the Japanese colonial period (1895-1945), Taiwan had limited contact with mainland China. Thus when the control of Taiwan was given to the Republic of China (ROC) led by the Kuomintang (KMT) government at the end of the Second World War, the people on Taiwan faced major political, social, cultural and economic adjustment. Cultural and social tension built up between the Taiwanese and mainlanders during these years. Political distrust was also intensifying between Taiwanese elites and the Provincial Administration headed by Governor Chen Yi. Meanwhile in the late 1940s, the Nationalist government was engaged in a civil war against the Communists on the mainland. The Chinese economy deteriorated rapidly and the post-war economic situation in Taiwan worsened each day. An increasing number of illegal activities took place across the Taiwan Strait and social disturbances, as a result of unemployment, food shortages, poverty, and housing issues, became imminent. ===The February 28th Incident=== One of the restrictions implemented at the time was the ban of cigarette trading. The immediate story begins in the front of a tea house in Taipei the day before, on February 27, 1947, when agents from the Tobacco Monopoly Bureau confiscated a Taiwanese female cigarette vendor's illegal cigarettes as well as her money, and then beat her over the head with a pistol while attempting to arrest her. An angry crowd swarmed the agents, prompting one official to open fire on the crowd, killing a bystander. The news triggered mass protests the following morning on February 28; more people were killed by the police and it quickly turned into a large-scale riot. While many local Taiwanese took this as an opportunity to seek revenge on mainlanders, Governor Chen Yi issued martial law and requested Nationalist troops to be sent over from mainland to suppress the incident. For the following 38 years, Taiwan was placed under martial law in a period that is now known as the "White Terror" period. Consequently, a generation of Taiwanese local elites were arrested and killed. It was estimated that between 10,000 and 20,000 people died as a result of the 2/28 incident, with more and more people dying or going missing during the White Terror. The trauma of 2/28 haunted Taiwan's politics and society and soured the relationship between the Taiwanese and mainlanders for several decades. ==Cast== *Tony Leung Chiu-wai as Lin Wen-ching (), fourth brother, a doctor and photographer. Wen-ching is the youngest son in the Lin family. He is deaf- mute because of an accident in his childhood. He communicates with others mainly by writing, especially with Hiromi. He is arrested following the 2/28 event. After he is released, he does two things. First, he delivers the final messages of executed cellmates. Second, he goes to find Hiroe and wants to join him as a revolutionary, however, he is convinced by Hiroe and goes back home to marry Hiromi. Wen-heung opens a photo studio so Wen-ching can support Hiroe, and after the guerilla forces are defeated, Wen-ching gets arrested and never comes back, leaving Hiromi and their child. *Chen Sung-young as Lin Wen- heung (), eldest brother, and owner of a trading company and restaurant. After his restaurant is closed down following the 2/28 event, he falls into drinking and gambling, and is eventually shot to death in a spur of the moment revenge attack for Wen-leung. *Jack Kao as Lin Wen-leung (), third brother, traumatised by his time in the war. After his release from hospital, he goes into business with Shanghai gangsters. After causing them more trouble than he is worth, Wen-leung is framed by the gangsters and goes to prison where he is beaten and suffers brain damage before being released. *Li Tian-lu as Lin Ah- lu (), patriarch of the Lin family. *Xin Shufen as Hiromi (Japanese pronunciation of her Chinese name: 吳寬美), sister of Hiroe, and is a nurse in the hospital. She knows Wen-ching through her brother Hiroe. She usually communicates with Wen-ching by writing. After she quits her job at the hospital, she marries Wen-ching after he is released from prison and they have a child. *Wu Yi-fang as Hiroe (Japanese pronunciation of his Chinese name: 吳寬榮), friend of Wen-Ching, brother of Hiromi and a school teacher. A progressive. Because the Taiwan government arrested a large number of progressives and killed innocent people indiscriminately, he establishes an anti-government organization in the mountains. However, they are defeated and arrested at the end. *Nakamura Ikuyo as Shizuko * as Mr. Lin. A progressive friend of Hiromi. *Wu Nien-jen as Mr. Wu. *Zhang Dachun as Reporter Ho. *Tsai Chen-nan as singer (cameo appearance). == Music == No. Name No. Name 01 ～A City Of Sadness 04 Hiromi 02 Hiromi～Flute Solo 05 ～Variation 2 03 06 ～Dedicated To Hou Hsiao-Hsien Sourced from Xiami Music. ==Production== A City of Sadness was filmed on location in Jiufen, a former Japanese and declined gold mining town that continued to operate in the postwar period until the 1960s. Jiufen is located in the northeast of Taiwan, an area isolated from the rest of Taipei County and Yilan County. There are only rough county roads and a local commuter railway line connecting Jiufan to the outside world, which designated a low priority for urban revitalization and land development. Jiufen's hillside communities were constructed before the modern zoning codes were put in place, and therefore provided a small Taiwanese town feeling and atmosphere that symbolizes the historical period that is presented in the plot of A City of Sadness. Hou remembers Jiufen fondly as he traveled to Jiufen through a tourist gaze when he was young. The shooting of the scenes of train travel to Jiufen particularly evoked his nostalgic rhetoric and joyful memories of a high school trip to Jiufen with his school friends. Hou noted that the train in Taiwan is a very important mode of transportation and he would ride the train a lot. It is very hard for him to forget the connection between him and the trains, so the train tracks appear multiple times in the film. === Background === By the 1980s, the New Taiwanese Cinema movement was moving towards not just creating films for the people of Taiwan, but also for a larger, international audience. Directors Hou Hsiao-hsien and Edward Yang noted that they wanted to emulate the popularity of Hong Kong cinema, which revolved around high quality productions with strong star power to back it up. In A City of Sadness, Hou relied primarily on foreign investment, particularly from Japan. Japanese technology, techniques, and facilities were used in the post-production and resulted in what critic and producer Zhan Hongzhi described as an aspect of "high-quality" that could draw in international viewership. Another aspect of this plan was star power, reflected in one of the principal characters, Wen-ching, being played by then rising Hong Kong film star Tony Leung. The intention behind this was to increase Hong Kong and Overseas Chinese viewership. The film also used an array of different languages, chiefly Taiwanese Hokkien, Cantonese, Japanese, and Shanghainese as a way to promote the cultural diversity of the cast and reflectively, of Taiwan to a global audience, which stands in contrast to many earlier films being only in Mandarin Chinese, due to the governments promotion of Mandarin as the national language. === Conceptualization === Hou Hsiao-hsien was interested in creating a film that could tell a story about a family, specifically during the 228 Incident and the White Terror by a few reasons. He cited how the death of Chiang Ching-kuo in 1988 and the lifting of martial law the year prior made it an appropriate time to address the 228 Incident, which Hou felt had been covered up by the government. He noted how books were not available on the subject and he wanted to provide a vantage point about the story through the lens of a family. Hou Hsiao-hsien wrote: > "Everybody knew about the 228 Incident. Nobody would say anything, at least > in public, but behind closed doors everyone was talking about it, especially > in the Tangwai Movement [..] The 228 Incident was already known, so I was > more interested in filming a time of transition, and the changes in a family > during a change in regime. This was the main thing I wanted to capture… > There's been too much political intervention. We should go back to history > itself for a comprehensive reflection, but politicians like to use this > tragedy as an ATM, making a withdrawal from it whenever they want. It's > awful. So no matter what point of view I took with the film, people would > still criticize it. I was filming events that were still taboo, I had a > point of view, and no matter what, I was filming from the point of view of > people and a family… Of course it's limited by the filmmaker's vision and > attitude. I can only present a part of the atmosphere of the time." According to scriptwriter Chu Tien-Wen's book, the original premise of the film was the reunion of an ex-gangster (which Hou Hsiao-Hsien intended to cast Chow Yun-fat for the role) and his former lover (supposedly played by Yang Li- Hua, the top Taiwanese Opera actress in real-life) in 1970s. Hou and Chu then extended the story to involve substantial flashbacks of the calamity of the woman's family in late 1940s (where the woman was the teenage daughter of Chen Song-Yong's character). They then abandoned the former premise and instead focused on the 1940s' story. === Film techniques === The movie includes many Chinese dialects, such as Southern Min, Cantonese and Shanghainese, which make this film pellucid for different groups of people. Ming-Yeh T. Rawnsley explains that "by representing the political reality of the late 1940s indirectly, A City of Sadness deals with the past, but is not trapped by the past, and is able to achieve a sense of objectiveness and authenticity." The use of dialects and historical facts can make audiences have a connection to characters within the film, and ensure the objectiveness and authenticity. The film also functions as a form of resistance as those with less power are able to diminish claims by other classes. Wen-ching's deafness and muteness began as an expedient way to disguise Tony Leung's inability to speak Taiwanese (or Japanese—the language taught in Taiwan's schools during the 51-year Japanese rule), but wound up being an effective means to demonstrate the brutal insensitivity of Chen Yi's ROC administration. As he communicated through other means (photographs, pen and paper) he is often playing the role of an observer. His inability to speak could mirror Taiwan being silenced by its oppressors. Sound plays an important role in the film as the opening scene is shot in darkness, with the only sound being Emperor Hirohito on the radio broadcast. Throughout the film, the use of Japanese language is cultural, as it represents the experiences of the Taiwanese and their cultural identity. Most of the characters would not be able to understand much Japanese as they would not have lived through 51 years of Japanese rule. This is why the native characters speak Taiwanese with some Japanese words mixed into their speech. ==Reception and impact== === Critical reception === A City of Sadness was a major commercial success in Taiwan, but critics were largely ambivalent toward the work. Having been advertised as a film about the February 28 Incident but never explicitly depicting the event, the film was consequently criticized as politically ambiguous, as well as overly difficult to follow. It was also criticized for not depicting the events of February 28 well, instead presenting the events in a subtle and elliptical manner. It is now widely considered a masterpiece, "In "A City of Sadness," widely considered a masterpiece," and has been described as "probably the most significant film to have emerged out of Taiwan's New Cinema." Richard Brody of The New Yorker argued, "Hou's extraordinarily controlled and well-constructed long takes blend revelation and opacity; his favorite trope is to shoot through doorways, as if straining to capture the action over impassable spans of time." In Time Out, Tony Rayns wrote, "Loaded with detail and elliptically structured to let viewers make their own connections, [...] Hou turns in a masterpiece of small gestures and massive resonance; once you surrender to its spell, the obscurities vanish." Jonathan Rosenbaum lauded Hou as "a master of long takes and complex framing, with a great talent for passionate (though elliptical and distanced) storytelling." In the Chicago Tribune, Dave Kehr declared, "A City of Sadness is a great film, one that will be watched as long as there are people who care about the movies as an art." The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported that 100% of critics have given the film a positive review based on 11 reviews, with an average rating of 9.33/10. In the British Film Institute's 2012 Sight & Sound poll, 14 critics and two directors named A City of Sadness one of the ten greatest films ever made, placing it at #117 in the critics' poll and #322 in the directors' poll. === History, trauma, and reconciliation === Critics have noted how this film (as well as the other 2 films that form the trilogy) started a larger discussion into memory and reconciliation for the 228 Incident and the White Terror on Taiwan. Sylvia Lin commented that "literary, scholarly, historical, personal, and cinematic accounts of the past have mushroomed, as the people in Taiwan feel the urgent need to remember, reconstruct, and rewrite that part of their history.” June Yip noted that the Taiwan Trilogy marked a “autobiographical impulse” to reclaim the history that was now acceptable with the lifting of martial law. Another critic, Jean Ma, also noted the method of displaying trauma by Hou felt "real" and could connect to global audiences everywhere from the "Truth and Reconciliation Commission of South Africa, the desaparecidos of Argentina, and the Armenian massacre as instances in which memory bears the ethical burden of a disavowed or denied history." === Resurgence of Taiwanese Hokkien (Taiyu) in film === A City Of Sadness has been touted as one of the few films to bring Taiwanese Hokkien to prominence and to a global audience. The usage of Taiwanese Hokkien in the film has been noted to be in direct conflict with the then-rule regarding national language in Taiwan. The Taiwanese language policy about promoting Mandarin made making films in other minority dialects and languages limited to only a third of the total script. A City of Sadness however, was filmed mostly in Taiwanese Hokkien. Hou Hsiao-hsien's film was allowed by the Government Information Office (the office responsible for government censorship/media) to send a copy of the rough cut to Japan for post-production where it was processed and sent directly to the Venice Film Festival without being authenticated by Taiwanese censors from the GIC. The winning of the Golden Lion and Golden Horse Awards marked a first for Chinese- speaking films, but also were controversial, since A City of Sadness violated then rules about national language usage in films. The success of the film however, renewed interest in Taiwanese Hokkien and became part of the Taiyu Language Movement and started a resurgence of films from Taiwan that utilized minority languages such as Hakka alongside other Taiwanese indigenous languages. === Contemporary references === The term "City Of Sadness" has been used to describe the state of Hong Kong after the 2014 Umbrella Movement by scholars. Academic Tina L. Rochelle has associated the term with how Hong Kong's trajectory mirrors the trajectory of Taiwan during the 228 Incident and the White Terror. Much like in the case of the 228 Incident, the Umbrella movement was fueled by building resentment of the way Hong Kong citizens were being treated after the 1997 handover of Hong Kong to the Peoples Republic of China. The cause of anger with citizens was the deterioration of freedoms and rights, the increased feeling of policing, and the imposition of a foreign power's sovereignty over a newly integrated location. This is a characteristic Rochelle highlights as similar in both Taiwan and Hong Kong and is what makes Hong Kong a "modern City of Sadness." ==Awards and nominations== *46th Venice Film Festival ** Won: Golden Lion ** Won: UNESCO Prize *1989 Golden Horse Film Festival ** Won: Best Director – Hou Hsiao-hsien ** Won: Best Leading Actor – Sung Young Chen ** Nominated: Best Film ** Nominated: Best Screenplay – Chu T’ien-wen, Wu Nien-jen ** Nominated: Best Editing – Liao Ching-song *1989 Kinema Junpo Awards ** Won: Best Foreign Language Film – Hou Hsiao-hsien *1991 Mainichi Film Concours ** Won: Best Foreign Language Film – Hou Hsiao-hsien *1991 Independent Spirit Awards ** Nominated: Best Foreign Film – Hou Hsiao- hsien *1991 Political Film Society ** Won: Special Award ==See also== * List of submissions to the 62nd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film * List of Taiwanese submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== * * * Category:1989 films Category:Taiwanese war drama films Category:Taiwanese- language films Category:1980s Mandarin-language films Category:1980s war drama films Category:Films set in the 1940s Category:Golden Lion winners Category:Films whose director won the Best Director Golden Horse Award Category:Films directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien Category:Films with screenplays by Wu Nien-jen Category:Films with screenplays by Chu T’ien-wen Category:1989 crime drama films Category:White Terror (Taiwan)
29313473	A House with No Curtains	"A House with No Curtains" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Alan Jackson. It was released in January 1998 as the sixth and final single from his album Everything I Love. The song had previously been the B-side to the album's fourth single "There Goes". Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride. It peaked at #18 on Billboard's Hot Country Tracks chart, breaking a streak of 27 consecutive singles by Jackson that had peaked in the top 10 of that chart. ==Content== The song is about a couple that stays together even though they are not happy. They still pretend that they are doing fine together for others to see, but everyone knows that it isn't working out between them. ==Critical reception== Stephen Thomas Erlewine, in his review of the album, called the song "a classic honky tonk ballad[...]worthy of early George Jones". An uncredited review from Billboard called the song "a gem of a country-gothic composition." ==Chart performance== "A House with No Curtains" spent fifteen weeks on the Hot Country Songs chart and peaked at number 18. Chart (1998) Peak position ==References== Category:1998 singles Category:1996 songs Category:Alan Jackson songs Category:Songs written by Alan Jackson Category:Song recordings produced by Keith Stegall Category:Arista Nashville singles Category:Songs written by Jim McBride (songwriter)
2935235	A Certain Justice	A Certain Justice is an Adam Dalgliesh novel by P. D. James, published in 1997. A three episode 1998 TV mini-series was made based upon the novel. ==Plot summary== Venetia Aldridge is a brilliant criminal lawyer who is set to take over as the Head of Chambers in Pawlet Court, London. She successfully defends Garry Ashe against the charge of the murder of his aunt but is unprepared when her daughter flaunts her emotional involvement with him. Venetia is murdered in her office soon after her trial. Adam Dalgliesh investigates what appears to be an inside job. Things are not as simple as they seem as all the suspects appear to have unbreakable alibis. A second murder occurs later in the narrative and there is a tantalising ending when one of the "murderers" appears to confess with the knowledge that the case could never come to trial because of a lack of evidence. ==Major themes== The book also explores the psyche of a pathological criminal, the moral dilemmas of the defence lawyer and the repercussions of a successful defence of a murderer on those who are alive, including the victim's survivors and the defence lawyer herself. It is also a comment on the limitations of the criminal justice system. ==Reception== In a 1997 book review for The New York Times, Ben Mcintyre called the book "vintage James" and summarized it as "a book in which revenge is not quite sated and deserts are not always just. That may not be the most satisfying conclusion, but it contains a certain truth." ==Adaptations== A television version of the novel was produced for Britain's ITV network in 1998. It starred Roy Marsden as Adam Dalgliesh. ==Release details== *1997, UK, Faber & Faber (), Pub date 1 October 1997, hardback (First edition) *1997, Canada, Alfred A. Knopf (), Pub date 21 October 1997, hardback *1999, USA, Ballantine Books (), Pub date ? January 1999, paperback *1999, UK, Penguin Books (), Pub date 14 January 1999, paperback *1999, Canada, Vintage Books (), Pub date 15 June 1999, paperback ==References== ==External links== * Category:1997 British novels Category:Novels by P. D. James Category:Faber and Faber books Category:British novels adapted into television shows Category:British detective novels
2974264	A Countess from Hong Kong	A Countess from Hong Kong is a 1967 British romantic comedy film scored, written, and directed by Charlie Chaplin, and the final film directed, written, produced and scored by him. Based on the life of a former Russian aristocrat, as he calls her in his 1922 book My Trip Abroad. She was a Russian singer and dancer who "was a stateless person marooned in France without a passport." The film starred Marlon Brando and Sophia Loren, and revolved around an American diplomat who falls in love with a stowaway on a cruise. Sydney Chaplin (Chaplin's son), Tippi Hedren, Patrick Cargill and Margaret Rutherford co-star in major supporting roles; Chaplin also made a cameo, marking his final screen appearance. The story is based loosely on Russian singer and dancer Moussia "Skaya" Sodskaya, whom Chaplin met in France in 1921. The film had been in development since the 1930s under the title Stowaway, as a vehicle for Paulette Goddard. However, following their divorce and subsequent events in his life, Chaplin continued working on it until it was ready for production in the mid-1960s. It was ultimately his only film in colour, and one of two films Chaplin directed in which he did not play a major role (the other being 1923's A Woman of Paris). The film premiered in London on 5 January 1967, receiving negative reviews from critics. Although a major success in Europe and Japan, it still underperformed at the box office, though the success of the music score was able to cover the budget. The film's theme song, "This Is My Song", written by Chaplin and performed by Petula Clark, became a worldwide success, topping the charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, the Netherlands and Belgium, while reaching number three in the United States and number four in Canada. Since its release, the film has been reevaluated and received more positive reviews. ==Plot== Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears sails back to America after touring the world. At a layover in Hong Kong, Ogden meets Nataschaa Russian countess whose Shanghai Russian parents died after the family was expelled following the Russian Revolutionwho then sneaks into his cabin in evening dress to escape her life as a prostitute at a sailors' dance hall. A refugee, she has no passport, and she is forced to hide in his cabin during the voyage. Ogden dislikes the situation, being a married man although seeking a divorce, and he worries how it might affect his career if she is found. But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay. They must then figure out how to get her off the ship, and it is arranged that she marry Hudson, his middle-aged valet. Although it is only a formality, Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship, a wish she does not share. She avoids him until they dock in Honolulu, then jumps off the ship and swims ashore. Ogden's wife Martha arrives in Honolulu to join the cruise, under advice from Washington that they avoid the impropriety of a divorce. Ogden's lawyer friend Harvey, who helped arrange the marriage, meets Natascha ashore and tells her that the immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife, and she will remain in Honolulu. Martha confronts Ogden about Natascha, speaking rather roughly about her and her past lifestyle as a prostitute and the mistress of a gangster, having learned her past from a passenger who was Natascha's customer in Hong Kong. Ogden responds by asking if his wife would have done as well under such circumstances. The ship sets sail for the U.S. mainland, but Ogden surprises Natascha in the hotel's cabaret where they begin dancing as he has left the ship and his wife. ==Cast== In addition, Charlie Chaplin briefly appears as an Old Steward, while his daughters Geraldine, Josephine and Victoria make brief appearances as Girl at Dance (on the ship) and as Two Young Girls (entering the Waikiki Hotel), respectively. Hong Kong actor Richard Ng had a minor walk on roll in this film and during his early acting career in the UK in the 1960s https://news.rthk.hk/rthk/en/component/k2/1695627-20230410.htm?share=twitter ==Production== The idea, according to a press release written by Chaplin, "resulted from a visit I made to Shanghai in 1931 where I came across a number of titled aristocrats who had escaped the Russian Revolution. They were destitute and without a country; their status was of the lowest grade. The men ran rickshaws and the women worked in ten-cent dance halls. When the Second World War broke out many of the old aristocrats had died and the younger generation migrated to Hong Kong where their plight was even worse, for Hong Kong was overcrowded with refugees." Chaplin had written a draft of the script in the 1930s under the working title The Stowaway, as a starring vehicle for his then-wife Paulette Goddard. However, amidst work for The Great Dictator, Goddard signed a contract with Paramount Pictures, and left Chaplin the following year. Although Chaplin and Goddard agreed to make one more film together in their divorce settlement, the idea never materialized. In the years after, Chaplin worked on the script in increments, "adding a bit here, cutting a bit there." In 1963, a friend of Chaplin suggested to him Sophia Loren for the lead role of Natascha, the Russian princess. For the character of Ogden, he originally wanted Rex Harrison or Cary Grant to play the role, but eventually Marlon Brando was cast. By 1965, both Brando and Sophia Loren committed to the film without reading a script. Tippi Hedren, who broke with Alfred Hitchcock, also signed on for the film without reading the script, and was disappointed to learn the insignificance of her role. Although Chaplin tried to accommodate her, he could not, as the story mostly takes place on a ship that Hedren's character boards near the end of the film. In the end, she remained in the film and later said that it was a pleasure working for him. Chaplin cast his son Sydney in a supporting role, as well as his three eldest daughters in cameo appearances: Geraldine (at minutes 46 and 65), Josephine and Victoria Chaplin (at minute 92). Production began on 25 January 1966 at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire, just outside London. The film was the second of Universal's European unit, following Fahrenheit 451. Production was frequently interrupted by Brando arriving late and then being hospitalized with appendicitis; Chaplin and Brando having the flu; and Loren marrying Carlo Ponti.Nat Segaloff, Final Cuts: The Last Films of 50 Great Directors, Bear Manor Media 2013 pp. 60–61 Hedren described Chaplin's directorial technique in the following way: "Chaplin’s method was to act out all our different roles, which was brilliant to watch. Instead of directing, he’d get out there on set and say: 'OK, do this,' and show us how. He’d become Sophia Loren. He’d become me and Marlon. It was really unusual and I’d never seen it happen before." Although many members of the cast appreciated Chaplin's approach, Marlon Brando felt insulted and wanted to quit before Chaplin was able to persuade him to finish the picture. Brando came to consider Chaplin a "fearsomely cruel man", claiming that Chaplin: "was an egotistical tyrant and a penny-pincher. He harassed people when they were late, and scolded them unmercifully to work faster." Brando was particularly angered by what he regarded as the cruel way that Chaplin treated his son Sydney, who had a supporting role in the picture: "Chaplin was probably the most sadistic man I’d ever met." ==Home media== The film was released on VHS in 1996, as part of the Universal Cinema Classics series. In 2003 it was released on DVD in widescreen format, and later re- released as part of the DVD set Marlon Brando: The Franchise Collection. It is now on Blu-ray. ==Reception== The film received largely negative reviews, though it has a 60% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. *The New York Times review for 17 March 1967 stated: "...if an old fan of Mr. Chaplin's movies could have his charitable way, he would draw the curtain fast on this embarrassment and pretend it never occurred". *Leonard Maltin's Movie and Video Guide 1995 gave it one-and-a-half stars, stating it was "badly shot, badly timed, badly scored". *TV Guide gave the movie one star, with the comment "a dismal, uninviting comedy". *Radio Times gave the film two stars, stating that "it's all too staid and too stagey".Radio Times official republication of their review. *Tim Hunter writing in The Harvard Crimson for 25 April 1967 gave it a fairly good review, stating: "Take the new Chaplin film on its own terms; contrary to all those patronizing critics, the old man hasn't really lost his touch, and Countess is a glorious romance". *Christopher Null of Filmcritic.com gave it three stars, stating, however: "...the repetitive story (with Loren repeatedly running to hide in Brando's bathroom when there's a knock on the door) gets tiresome".Review of the film by Christopher Null, founder of FilmCritic.com *Chaplin biographer Jeffrey Vance, writing in 2003, maintains: "A Countess from Hong Kong is less interesting than any of Chaplin's previous sound films because it contains neither political nor satirical elements" (although there is a scene where an old lady renounces a stuffed animal's "red" tongue). Vance believes some of Chaplin's own comic vision and optimism is infused in Sophia Loren's role. A dance-hall girl, Loren's character of Natascha—a prostitute—"perpetuates Chaplin's lifelong fascination with fallen women as heroines. In many ways, Natascha is the proxy for the Tramp in the film, searching for a better life, while always understanding that both happiness and beauty are fleeting. The Tramp's philosophy is expressed by Natascha's dialogue, 'Don't be sad. That's too easy. Be like me. At this moment, I'm very happy...That's all we can ask for—this moment.' This statement can be applied to the film as well: while it is easy to lament its many failures, particularly because it is Chaplin's last film, it is perhaps best to cherish its wonderful, fleeting comic moments."Vance, Jeffrey. Chaplin: Genius of the Cinema (2003): Harry N. Abrams, p. 341. Critics such as Tim Hunter and Andrew Sarris, as well as poet John Betjeman and director François Truffaut, viewed the film as being among Chaplin's best works. Actor Jack Nicholson is also reportedly a big fan of the film. ==See also== *Shanghai Russians ==References== ==External links== * * * * * Category:1967 films Category:1967 romantic comedy films Category:British romantic comedy films Category:Films about immigration to the United States Category:Films directed by Charlie Chaplin Category:Films set in Hong Kong Category:Films set on ships Category:Films shot at Pinewood Studios Category:Universal Pictures films Category:1960s English-language films Category:1960s British films Category:Films set on ocean liners
29831946	A Fine Pair	A Fine Pair (original title Ruba al prossimo tuo) is a 1968 Italian crime- comedy film directed by Francesco Maselli. It stars Rock Hudson and Claudia Cardinale, who had co-starred together two years earlier in the romantic drama, Blindfold. ==Plot == A New York policeman (Hudson) unintentionally helps a thief (Cardinale) who has planned to steal the jewels of an Austrian villa. ==Cast== * Rock Hudson as Captain Mike Harmon * Claudia Cardinale as Esmeralda Marini * Tomas Milian as Roger * Leon Askin as Chief Wellman * Ellen Corby as Maddy Walker * Walter Giller as Franz * Guido Alberti as Uncle Camillo Marini * Peter Dane as Albert Kinsky * Tony Lo Bianco as Officer McClusky ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:1968 films Category:1968 comedy films Category:1960s crime comedy films Category:1960s heist films Category:Cinema Center Films films Category:Films directed by Francesco Maselli Category:Films scored by Ennio Morricone Category:Films set in Austria Category:Films set in New York City Category:Films set in Rome Category:Films shot in Austria Category:Films shot in New York City Category:Films shot in Rome Category:Italian crime comedy films Category:Italian heist films Category:1960s Italian-language films Category:1960s Italian films
2983588	A Collection of Metal	A Collection of Metal is a compilation album by the British heavy metal band Saxon released in 1996 (see 1996 in music). ==Track listing== ==References== Category:1996 compilation albums Category:Saxon (band) compilation albums Category:EMI Records compilation albums
29895142	A Family Thanksgiving	A Family Thanksgiving is a 2010 Hallmark Channel Original Movie directed by Neill Fearnley. ==Plot== Claudia (Daphne Zuniga) is a successful trial attorney who graduated at the top of her class from Harvard Law School. She's working hard to become the first female partner at a high-powered law firm and believes her life is perfect. The day before their family is set to gather for Thanksgiving, Claudia's sister requests that she make a homemade apple pie for the event. Claudia, however, is everything but the homemaker her sister is, and is annoyed by the request because she doesn't have time for such things. Meanwhile, Claudia is directed to assist a corporate client in reversing an injunction so that it can demolish a park to build an enormous development. In order to realize this, she insists her subordinate employees work on Thanksgiving Day, because the court hearing is the day after. During this process, Claudia meets Gina (Faye Dunaway), a mysterious older woman who makes it her goal to teach Claudia some moral lessons. Gina takes Claudia to an alternative world, where Claudia is a lower profile happily married minivan- driving 'soccer mom' with two children. Claudia is perplexed by the situation she is now in, but while experiencing her new life, the way it could have been, she learns that she is missing out on a lot; despite past prejudice regarding married life, she eventually finds she's falling in love with the man to whom she is married, and she becomes accustomed to the new life she is leading. Furthermore, she grows closer to her sister. Just as she is about to settle with her new life, Gina returns to take her back. Claudia is reluctant to return to her corporate life, and thus must consider what she is most thankful for. ==Cast== *Daphne Zuniga as Claudia *Faye Dunaway as Gina *Gina Holden as Jen *Dan Payne as Bill *Kennedi Clements as Amy *Catherine Lough Haggquist as Lindsay ==Production== In a press interview, Daphne Zuniga discussed the film: "I loved the idea when it came to me. But I worked with the writer (Emily Baer) to make sure the message wasn't that this woman should have had kids and regrets it. Instead, my character is a woman who is hugely successful, about to make partner in her law firm, has all the money she needs, a great wardrobe...and then she gets thrown into a life that shows her what it would be like if she'd made a different choice." An October 2010 press release from Hallmark Channel revealed that the film was set to premiere on November 6. ==Reception== The entertainment magazine Variety felt the story provided a decent case for personal balance between having a career and a family. Added the critic: "...A perfect message for troubled economic times as well as the reflective aspect of the Thanksgiving season." The Daily News expressed its disappointment in the film's "formulaic and uninspired" script, and furthermore criticized Zuniga and Dunaway for "hardly trying" to deliver a performance. The critic's discontent with the script was further explained: "Hallmark films are allowed some liberties with coincidence and unlikely events that service the plot, but this one exceeds its quota early. [..] A Family Thanksgiving leaves an uncharacteristically unpleasant aftertaste, because it ends up suggesting not just that Claudia is missing part of life, but that successful working women almost by definition must be misguided and miserable. That may not be the intent, but a lazy script can have inadvertent side effects." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2010 television films Category:2010 films Category:2010 drama films Category:Hallmark Channel original films Category:Films directed by Neill Fearnley Category:Thanksgiving in films Category:American drama television films Category:2010s English- language films Category:2010s American films
29942695	A Closer Look (Babyface album)	A Closer Look is a remix album, and the third album overall, by American R&B; musician Babyface. The album was released on November 19, 1991. It has the distinction of being the last album released by Dick Griffey's SOLAR (Sound of Los Angeles Records), as a joint venture with Epic Records. == Track listing == ==References== Category:Babyface (musician) albums Category:1991 albums Category:SOLAR Records albums Category:Epic Records albums Category:Albums produced by L.A. Reid Category:Albums produced by Babyface (musician) Category:Albums produced by Troy Taylor
29953053	A Discourse on the Study of the Law	A Discourse on the Study of the Law is a treatise by Sir William Blackstone first published in 1758. On 20 October 1758 Blackstone had been confirmed as the first Vinerian Professor of English Law, and immediately gave a lecture on 24 October, which was reprinted as the Discourse.Prest (2008) p. 150 The Discourse was designed to be a work on how to study English law, and the importance of doing so. Blackstone emphasised the advantages of a civilian legal education over the training for a call to the Bar, arguing for the inherent dignity of study at a university.Sheppard (2007) p. 612 He was particularly alarmed by the growing practice of sending a potential lawyer to work in an attorney's office, saying that: In Continental Europe and Scotland, the academic study of the law was regarded as a required part of a gentleman's training, but it was not in England; the aristocracy "have been more remarkably deficient than those of all Europe".Lucas (1962) p. 458 This was because the "stylistic barbarisms and crafty practitioners" were seen as below the aristocracy, and not conforming to gentleman-like sensibilities.Lucas (1962) p. 459 Blackstone also emphasised the need for gentlemen to study not only the law, but English law, to secure the continuation of the British tradition of civil liberties, arguing that "[W]e must not carry our veneration [of the civil law] so far as to sacrifice our Alfred and Edward to the manes of Theodosius and Justinian, we must not prefer the edict of the praetor, or the rescript of the roman emperor, to our own immemorial customs, or the sanctions of an english parliament; unless we can also prefer the despotic monarchy of Rome and Byzantium, for whose meridians the former were calculated, to the free constitution of Britain, which the latter are adapted to perpetuate". Described as a "sensible, spirited and manly exhortation to the study of the law", the initial print run of the Discourse sold out, necessitating the publication of another 1,000 copies. Later versions of his An Analysis of the Laws of England and the first volume of his Commentaries on the Laws of England were prefaced with copies.Prest (2008) p. 151 Paul Lucas, writing in the English Historical Review, notes that unlike his other works, Blackstone's Discourse survived its various editions with no modifications whatsoever, showing that he considered it "a key statement of his opinions". ==References== ==Bibliography== * * * Category:Legal treatises Category:1758 in law Category:English law Category:1758 books
30011413	A Harlot's Progress (film)	A Harlot's Progress is a 2006 British television film directed by Justin Hardy and starring Zoe Tapper, Toby Jones, Sophie Thompson and Richard Wilson. The story is based on the series of paintings entitled A Harlot's Progress by William Hogarth. Hogarth's work is inspired by his interactions with an eighteenth-century prostitute Mary Collins. It originally aired on Channel 4 on 2 November 2006. ==Main cast== * Zoe Tapper - Mary Collins * Toby Jones - William Hogarth * Sophie Thompson - Jane Hogarth * Richard Wilson - Sir James Thornhill * Geraldine James - Madame Needham ==References== ==External links== * Category:2006 television films Category:2006 films Category:British television films Category:Films set in the 1730s Category:Films set in the 18th century Category:Biographical films about painters Category:Channel 4 television films Category:Films directed by Justin Hardy Category:Cultural depictions of William Hogarth Category:2000s English-language films
3001778	A Black & White Night Live	A Black & White Night Live is a Roy Orbison music album made posthumously by Virgin Records from the HBO television special, Roy Orbison and Friends: A Black and White Night, which was filmed in 1987 and broadcast in 1988. According to the authorised Roy Orbison biography, the album was released in October 1989 and included the song "Blue Bayou" which because of time constraints had been deleted from the televised broadcast. However, it did not include the songs "Claudette" and "Blue Angel", which were also cut from the original broadcast for the same reason. The SACD/CD Hybrid Audio Disc includes "Blue Angel" as a bonus track; the SACD/CD Hybrid Disc is contained in a pack with the DVD released by Image Entertainment, USA (ID27700BDVD). "Claudette" was included in later releases of the concert. According to the authorised biography, all tracks are now released on the 30 year anniversary Black & White Night 30. On piano was Glen D. Hardin, who had played piano for Buddy Holly as well as Elvis Presley. Lead guitarist James Burton, drummer Ronnie Tutt and bassist Jerry Scheff were also from Presley's group. Male background vocals and some guitars were provided by Bruce Springsteen, Tom Waits, Elvis Costello, Jackson Browne, J.D. Souther and Steven Soles. Female background vocalists were k.d. lang, Jennifer Warnes and Bonnie Raitt. Not all the stars were on stage. Glimpses of celebrities in the audience can be seen, including Kris Kristofferson, Patrick Swayze, Billy Idol and Sandra Bernhard. On February 24, 2017, a 30th anniversary edition, titled Black & White Night 30, was released. The edition has been expanded, re-edited to include new footage and original running order to set list, and remastered. It is available both as a CD/DVD and a CD/Blu-ray set. This release has sold 161,400 copies as of March 2017. ==Critical reception== Bruce Eder of AllMusic writes, "The best- recorded Roy Orbison live disc ever issued, taken from the soundtrack of the HBO concert from the 1980s with VIP guests like Bruce Springsteen and Elvis Costello. This was a sort of magical video, and the performances are splendid, along with the good feelings involved." Grant Britt of American Songwriter also thinks this album rates 4 out of 5 stars and calls Black and White Night, "one of the best rock shows ever filmed." No Depression's review, also by Grant Britt, begins with, "The voice grabs you and won't let go. It’s impossible to duplicate, a soaring, ethereal instrument that swoops and dips with a range few humans ever get within earshot of. Roy Orbison was a musical God, his songwriting skills just as awe-inspiring as his vocal abilities. His legacy endures with a wealth of recorded material, but nothing eclipses 1987’s Black and White Night" Ryan Reed writes for Rolling Stone, "In a backstage interview, Costello called Orbison "the greatest," explaining how he learned about the singer's music second-hand through the Beatles." Gary Graff reviews the album for Billboard and writes, "The Black & White Night show was a pivotal event during Roy Orbison's late '80s comeback. Preceding his involvement with the all-star Traveling Wilburys band (Orbison, George Harrison, Bob Dylan, Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne), the show put a spotlight on Orbison's classic hits with help from Elvis Presley's TCB Band and guests Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Costello, Bonnie Raitt, k.d. Lang, Tom Waits, Jackson Browne, J.D. Souther and Steven Soles." ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Roy Orbison - lead vocals, electric rhythm guitar, electric lead guitar on "Ooby Dooby" and "Go, Go, Go (Down the Line)," harmonica on "Candy Man" *Glen D. Hardin - piano *James Burton - electric and acoustic lead guitars, electric and acoustic rhythm guitars *Jerry Scheff - upright bass *Ronnie Tutt - drums *Alex Acuña - percussion *Jackson Browne - backing vocals *T-Bone Burnett - acoustic guitar *Elvis Costello - Acoustic Guitar, Electric Organ, Harmonica, Backing Vocals *k.d. lang - backing vocals *Bonnie Raitt - backing vocals *Steven Soles - backing vocals *J.D. Souther - backing vocals, harmony vocals, acoustic guitar *Bruce Springsteen - rhythm and lead electric guitar, harmony vocals, backing vocals *Michael Utley - electric organ *Tom Waits - electric organ, acoustic guitar *Jennifer Warnes - backing vocals ==Charts== Chart Peak position ==Certifications== ==References== Category:Roy Orbison albums Category:Albums produced by T Bone Burnett Category:Live albums published posthumously Category:1989 live albums Category:Virgin Records live albums
3007823	A Diamond for Disease	A Diamond for Disease is an EP by Arsis released on October 25, 2005, via Willowtip Records. The title track, "A Diamond for Disease", took almost four months to write. This release also includes an Alice Cooper cover from the Raise Your Fist and Yell album, and "The Promise of Never" (which is a re- recorded track from the band's 2001 demo, originally titled Fortune's Envy). The EP was mastered by James Murphy, who is best known for his work with Death, Testament, Obituary, and Disincarnate. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *James Malone – vocals, guitars, bass *Mike Van Dyne – drums ==Production== *Brett Portzer - engineering (drums) *Eyal Levi - engineering, mixing *James Murphy - mastering *Mark Riddick - artwork, layout ==References== Category:2005 EPs Category:Arsis EPs Category:Willowtip Records EPs
30098826	A Gerald Walker Christmas EP	A Gerald Walker Christmas is the first Christmas album by American rapper Gerald Walker, released by One Step at a Time Music on December 20, 2010 in the United States.2dopeboyz.com: Gerald Walker "Keep Me Going" ==Background== The album is inspired by Charles M. Schulz's "A Charlie Brown Christmas" and contains two traditional Christmas songs and three original songs. Most of them are re-arranged with up-tempo beats in hip-hop-style. The title track, A Gerald Walker Christmas, uses samples from Shutlz's aforementioned work. The album was recorded in Fall 2010 in the United States, but Walker also stated during an interview with, Ynotmydream.net, that parts of the album were demoed in Chicago during the recording of I Remember When This All Meant Something.... In the same interview Gerald revealed: I've had the music for over a year now, but didn't know what I wanted to do with it. However, I knew that I wanted to knock it out and didn't want another year pass before doing so.Artist Spotlight: Gerald Walker ==Singles== The song "Keep Me Going" was first released on December 17, 2010 for promotion of the released album.Gerald Walker's "Keep Me Going" ==Track listing== # "Prelude" (Vince Guaraldi., Gerald Walker) – 1:47 # "A Gerald Walker Christmas" (G. Walker, C. Cobb,) – 4:05 # "Keep Me Going" (G. Walker, C. Cobb) – 3:30 # "Christmas Isn't Just a Day, you know, It's a Frame of Mind" (G. Walker, K. Fresh,) – 2:01 # "Walker of The Bells (Bonus)" (G. Walker) – 0:52 ==Credits== *Writers: Gerald Walker *Producers: Chris Cobb, Gerald Walker, Kuddie Fresh *Executive producers: Gerald Walker *Engineer: Gerald Walker *Mixing: Gerald Walker *A&R;: Barron Bollar *Recording director: Barron 'Slot-A' Bollar *Marketing: One Step at a Time Music, Inc *Art direction: Lillian Duermier *Video Direction: Chris Neuman ==References== Category:2010 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Gerald Walker albums Category:Christmas EPs Category:2010 EPs
30668511	A Diamond Guitar	"A Diamond Guitar" is a short story by Truman Capote, first published in Harper's Bazaar in 1950; it is noted as one of his better quality early short stories. The title refers to the prize possession of the younger man, a rhinestone-studded guitar; the guitar serves as the key image of the story.Long, Robert Emmet. Truman Capote, enfant terrible (New York: Continuum, 2008), page 78. Capote wrote "A Diamond Guitar" in April 1950 during a three- week-long transatlantic freighter crossing from New York to Italy.Windham, Donald. Lost Friendships: A Memoir of Truman Capote, Tennessee Williams, and Others (William Morrow & Co, 1987), page 81. It is one of three short stories normally published in the same volume as Breakfast at Tiffany's, first released in 1958. == Plot summary == The story is set in a prison in a rural area near Mobile, Alabama where convicts perform road work and farm turpentine from nearby pine forests. The two main characters are both convicts, Mr. Schaeffer, an older man serving a ninety-nine year sentence for murder, and Tico Feo, a newly arrived young man sentenced to serve two years for stabbing two men. Mr. Schaeffer and Tico form a fast bond that is simultaneously intimate and platonic. On Valentine's Day they agree to attempt an escape during the following day's work. Tico succeeds in getting away, but Mr. Schaeffer breaks his ankle in a shallow creek. Tico betrays Mr. Schaeffer's affections by not coming to his aid, but Mr. Schaeffer is given credit for trying to capture Tico and takes possession of the prized guitar.Gelfant, Blanche H. The Columbia Companion to the Twentieth-Century American Short Story (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), page 186. ==Characters== Armstrong: the youngest prison guard. He is overweight, but surprisingly quick. Mr. Schaeffer: a fifty-year-old man who is one of the few literate prisoners, as such he is looked up to and feared by other prisoners. He has graying red hair and is lean in build. He is comparable to Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany's because, like Holly, he is a dreamer.Long, Robert Emmet. Truman Capote, enfant terrible (New York: Continuum, 2008), page 92. Tico Feo: a lively eighteen-year-old man from Cuba, who has blonde hair and blue eyes. At times he is lazy, and known for being a terrible liar. His character has been compared to the murderer Perry Smith from Capote's famous later novel In Cold Blood who possesses a Gibson guitar.Reed, Kenneth T. & Reed, Terry. Truman Capote (Twayne's United States Authors Series) (Twayne Publishers, 1981), page 123. ==Critical reception and analysis== The short story's literary style has been studied for its clear use of literary devices, most notably those of heightened language, metaphorical descriptions and its in medias res opening.Turco, Lewis. The Book of Literary Terms: The Genres of Fiction, Drama, Nonfiction, Literary Criticism, and Scholarship (New Hampshire: New England University Press, 1999), pages 51-53. The story has been noted as having "faint echoes" of Carson McCullers' work.Long, Robert Emmet. Truman Capote, enfant terrible (New York: Continuum, 2008), page 78. Another contemporary of Capote's, Donald Windham, gave Capote a copy of his 1950 novel The Dog Star and believes it influenced elements of "A Diamond Guitar", excluding the events and characters.Nelson, Emmanuel Contemporary Gay American Novelists: a Bio-bibliographical Critical Sourcebook (Westport, CT: Greenwood, 1993), page 53. A modern short story scholar notes that many of Capote's early short stories, including "A Diamond Guitar" place him among a cadre of notable mid-century writers well-versed in the southern gothic genre, including William Faulkner, Carson McCullers, Tennessee Williams and Flannery O'Connor.Gelfant, Blanche H. The Columbia Companion to the Twentieth-Century American Short Story (New York: Columbia University Press, 2004), pages 185-186. Readers have noticed the undercurrent of homosexuality in two main characters' relationship. Helen Garson, a scholar, notes that this type of love is one that Capote treats very carefully, "find[ing] no room for humor, sexual or otherwise".Garson, Helen S. Truman Capote: A Study of the Short Fiction (Twayne Publishers, 1992), page 55. Emmanuel S. Nelson notes that "A Diamond Guitar" is Capote's most openly gay short story and it is his only short story that "has a gay male relationship at its heart."Nelson, Emmanuel Contemporary Gay American Novelists: a Bio-bibliographical Critical Sourcebook (Westport, CT: Greenwood, 1993), pages 52&56. ==References== ;Notes ;Bibliography * * * * * * * * * * Category:1950 short stories Category:Short stories by Truman Capote Category:Works originally published in Harper's Bazaar
30742782	A Late Encounter with the Enemy	"A Late Encounter with the Enemy" is a short story by Flannery O'Connor. It was written in 1953 and published in the September 1953 issue of Harper’s Bazaar, appearing later in her short story collection A Good Man Is Hard to Find (1955). It is her only story dealing with the American Civil War. A devout Roman Catholic, O'Connor often used religious themes in her work. == Plot summary == General George Poker Sash is a 104-year-old veteran of the American Civil War who remembers very little about the War but is currently celebrated for his longevity. He has been invited to various public celebrations where he covets the attention, particularly, from beautiful women in the crowd, and he has an inflated image of himself despite his decrepit condition. The General's 62-year-old granddaughter, Sally Poker, prays every night that he lives long enough to sit on the stage during her college graduation so that everyone can see her strong heritage and superiority. The general is wheeled onto the stage by Sally's young nephew, John Wesley, and is barely aware of the scene. Just as his granddaughter is graduating, the General experiences a revelation that he must look beyond the past. He then dies on stage as his granddaughter is graduating, although this is not immediately evident. It is unclear if Sally gets beyond her prideful idolatry about her family heritage.Margaret Earley Whitt, Understanding Flannery O'Connor (Univ of South Carolina Press, 1997) == Background == The story is loosely based upon a newspaper article about a Civil War veteran attending his wife's graduation that Flannery O'Connor read in the early 1950s. It is also the only O'Connor story to deal explicitly with a subject that is important to the works of many Southern writers – the Civil War.Orvell, Miles. Invisible Parade: The Fiction of Flannery O'Connor. Philadelphia, Temple UP, 1972, p. 10. ==References== Category:Short stories by Flannery O'Connor Category:1953 short stories Category:Southern Gothic short stories
30828228	A Human Right	A Human Right is a non-profit organization dedicated to providing free basic internet and phone access to developing countries, and to citizens of countries whose government has cut off or restricted internet access. It was discontinued in 2016. ==Buy This Satellite== In December 2010 they launched Buy This Satellite, a fundraising effort to purchase the TerreStar-1 communications satellite, after its owner, TerreStar Corporation, filed for bankruptcy. The idea to purchase the satellite developed out of a meeting in Berlin of thirty people under the age of thirty, described by A Human Right's founder, Kosta Grammatis, as a "do tank" (as opposed to a think tank). A Human Right hopes that providing internet access to impoverished regions of the world would help to solve many of their problems, such as shortages of food, potable water, and health care. Grammatis believes that, "People are ingenious. If you give people access to information, they can solve their own problems." Internet and phone access to citizens of countries whose government has shut down all communications is another benefit proposed by A Human Right. This was inspired by the 2011 Egyptian protests, where the government shut down internet and phone access to its citizens. The goal of A Human Right is to have a satellite in geosynchronous orbit over Africa, which would provide free internet access to African nations. A Human Right intends to pay for the operation of the satellite through buying and reselling high-speed bandwidth while providing low-bandwidth internet for free. They are also working on developing an open-source, low-cost modem as part of providing internet access to those who can't currently pay for it. ==Move This Cable== SAex (South Atlantic Express) is a proposed submarine communications cable that will link South Africa and Angola to Brazil, with onward connectivity to the United States. The cable route, as originally planned, was to narrowly miss the remote island of Saint Helena, a British Overseas Territory. The project was successful and in mid-2012 the cable's path was changed. ==Notes== ==External links== * *Buy This Satellite *TEDxAthens video of Kosta Grammatis describing A Human Right and Buy This Satellite. Category:Non-profit organizations based in San Francisco Category:Organizations established in 2010 Category:Information technology charities Category:2010 establishments in California
3091435	A Dream Is a Wish Your Heart Makes	"A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" is a song written and composed by Mack David, Al Hoffman and Jerry Livingston for the Walt Disney film Cinderella (1950). In the song, Cinderella (voiced by Ilene Woods) encourages her animal friends to never stop dreaming, and that theme continues throughout the entire story. The song was inspired off of Franz Liszt’s Transcendental Etude No. 9 (Ricordanza). This song was also performed by Lily James for the soundtrack of the live-action version of Cinderella in 2015. In April 2020, Demi Lovato and Michael Bublé performed the song for The Disney Family Singalong on ABC. The song was also featured in the 2022 Disney+/Disney Channel original film Sneakerella, sung by Chosen Jacobs and Lexi Underwood. =="Dreams" as a recurring Disney theme== Thematically, the lyrics recall the sentiments expressed in "When You Wish Upon a Star" from Pinocchio (1940). In equating a dream with a wish, the song establishes that Cinderella is using the word "dream" in the metaphorical sense of desires that can, as the lyric promises, "come true." "When You Wish Upon A Star" makes this same promise, as does other Disney material, such as the fireworks show Remember... Dreams Come True and related promotions. The literal meaning of the word, as something that happens "when you're fast asleep", reappears in another Disney song, "Once Upon a Dream" from Sleeping Beauty (1959). ==Release== The original version appears on a CD of the original soundtrack, as well as several compilations. Ilene Woods with Harold Mooney and his Orchestra recorded the song in Hollywood on October 26, 1949. It was released by RCA Victor Records as catalog number 31-0014B (in USA) and by EMI on the His Master's Voice label as catalog numbers B 9971, SG 272, HM 2753, JK 2679, SAB 7 and EA 3914\. The song has also been used as part of the opening titles of several iterations of the Walt Disney anthology television series, notably in the medley for The Wonderful World Of Disney (1969–1979) and in The Magical World Of Disney (1988). ==Certifications== ==Circle of Stars version== The song was re- recorded by the Disney Channel Circle of Stars, a group of actors and actresses who have appeared in Disney Channel television series and original movies. The line-up was significantly different from that of their re- recording of "Circle Of Life" in 2003. This version was used in commercials for Disney on Ice from 2006 to 2010, and to launch the inflight music aboard international flights via Cebu Pacific airlines in December 2010. ===Track listing=== ;Digital track listing #"A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Single Version) – 3:55 #"A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Christmas Version) – 3:45 ===Official versions=== * "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Single Version) – 3:55 * "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Radio Edit) – 3:39 * "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Christmas Version) – 3:45 * "A Dream Is A Wish Your Heart Makes" (Cut Live Version) – 1:21 ==References== Category:1950s ballads Category:1950 singles Category:1950 songs Category:Cinderella (franchise) Category:Disney songs Category:Pop ballads Category:Songs about dreams Category:Songs based on fairy tales Category:Songs written by Al Hoffman Category:Songs written by Jerry Livingston Category:Songs with lyrics by Mack David Category:Walt Disney Records singles
30932963	A History of Venice	A History of Venice is a 1982 book by the English popular historian John Julius Norwich published in the United States by Vintage Books. It is a combination of two volumes, published in England by Allen Lane in 1977 and 1981. It was published after Norwich had published two volumes on the Normans in southern Italy, and was followed by a three volume history on the Byzantine Empire. There is a fair amount of overlap between these subjects, with the Normans and Byzantine figures appearing in Venetian history. The Venetians, in turn, were important players in the sacking of Constantinople in the fourth crusade, and carrying off booty which was used to decorate St. Mark's Cathedral. ==Synopsis== This is a History of Venice, starting with frightened refugees from the barbarian invasions of Italy settling in a marshy lagoon, and continuing through the establishment of republican government and the building of a trading empire encompassing the Dalmatian Coast, Mediterranean Islands and parts of the Po Valley. Then, with the Portuguese establishing a more direct trade route to the originating locations of valued Asian goods, it continues with the reinvention of the city into a publishing, intellectual, and finally a pleasure center. It ends with the Napoleonic invasion, bringing an end to the thousand year old, Serenissima Repubblica (Most Serene Republic). Norwich covers the facts, provides emotions and motivations, occasionally discusses the primary sources and provides a great deal of commentary. For example, after noting the establishment of the Arsenal (the shipyard of Venice) and the beginnings of making separate war ships and trading ships, Norwich comments, "[o]ne of the secrets of Venice's rise to power lay in the fact that she never saw the twin necessities of defence and commerce as altogether separate." Further noting that Venetian war captains were "never averse to trading on the side" resulting in military expeditions sometimes paying for themselves. At the same time, trading ships were always ready to fight. Concerning The fourth Crusade, Norwich remarks, "[p]olitically too, the damage done was incalculable." Further noting that the eventually reformed Greek Empire "was to struggle on for nearly two more centuries" but "never recovered its strength ... ." Concerning the Rialto Bridge, Norwich notes that a competition had been held for its design, one of the entrants being Michelangelo. Due to the sudden necessity of repairing the Doge's Palace after fire damage, however, none of the entrants was picked and the job eventually was given to Antonio da Ponte. Norwich comments, "[a]s a work of art, we must frankly admit, the bridge lacks distinction ... Its very familiarity blinds us to its faults — the poor proportions, the curious air of topheaviness, the coarseness of the detail." He further states that in the rare moments when it is seen for its mediocracy, that "it is difficult, at such times, not to feel a quick stab of regret for the masterpiece that Venice might have had, if genius had been allowed its way." ==Reception== The New York Times reviewer Luigi Barzini opined: "Viscount Norwich has written a living book, which will surely last a long time in print – a book full of blood, naval battles, sieges, adventures, conquests, strokes of luck, stupendous defeats, glorious victories, secret plots, counterplots and astute diplomatic negotiations, together with sharp profiles of the protagonists, whether heroes or villains." Kirkus Reviews wrote, "What you will find ... is chattily readable prose, a dry sense of humor ("Eunuchs, as everybody knows, are dangerous people to cross"), and the author's engagingly qualified admiration for the Venetians--their unflagging self-interest, their state- imposed discipline, their secular, non-intellectual activism, their flexible ability to live more or less under a constitution for centuries." ==References== Category:1982 non-fiction books Category:20th-century history books Category:History books about Italy Category:Republic of Venice Category:Books by John Julius Norwich Category:Vintage Books books
3097302	A Kurt Weill Cabaret	A Kurt Weill Cabaret was a Broadway and off-Broadway production featuring the music of Kurt Weill. A precursor, The World of Kurt Weill in Song, opened off- Broadway at One Sheridan Square in the West Village on June 6, 1963, starring Will Holt and Martha Schlamme. In 1979, it was revised as A Kurt Weill Cabaret and opened at the Bijou Theater on Broadway, with Alvin Epstein and Martha Schlamme and ran for 72 performances. The Harold Clurman Theatre (now Theatre Five in the Theatre Row Building) showed it in 1984.Showbill, February 1985 A recording of the original production was released by MGM Records (E/SE 4180 OC) in 1963. ==Songs== * The Threepenny Opera" ** "The Ballad of the Easy Life" (instrumental only) ** "The Barbara Song" ** "Mack the Knife" ** "Tango Ballade" ** "Pirate Jenny" ** "Survival Song" (sung in the second act before "Lost in the Stars".) * ** "Le Roi d'Aquitaine" * Der Silbersee ** "Caesar's Death" * Lady in the Dark ** "The Saga of Jenny" * Knickerbocker Holiday ** "September Song" * Happy End ** "Mandalay Song" ** "Surabaya Johnny" ** "Bilbao Song" * Lost in the Stars ** "Lost in the Stars" ==References== ==External links== * Category:Broadway musicals Category:1963 musicals Category:Revues Category:Kurt Weill tribute albums
31016772	A Doll Wife	A Doll Wife () is a 1919 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone. The film was shown as part of the Silent Divas of the Italian Cinema programme at the 38th New York Film Festival in 2000. ==Cast== * Soava Gallone as Susanne di Montalto, detta Maman Poupée * Bruno Emanuel Palmi as Il marito * Mina D'Orvella as La rivale * Mario Cusmich ==References== ==External links== * Category:1919 films Category:1919 drama films Category:Italian silent feature films Category:Italian black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Carmine Gallone Category:Italian drama films Category:Silent drama films
31270279	A Genuine Rosmini	A Genuine Rosmini is the second album by American folk guitarist Dick Rosmini, released in 1969.Liner notes. It is out of print and extremely rare to find in circulation as a second-hand LP. Rosmini is best known for his role in the American "folk revival" of the 1960s as a session player and accompanist. A Genuine Rosmini was Rosmini's second and last solo album. He recorded only four albums under his own name, two of them instructional albums. A Genuine Rosmini consists mostly of solos with backing for 6- and 12-string solo guitar, electric guitar. Rosmini sings on "Let's Go Get Stoned". The album exhibits the contemporary shift away from 'pure' early 60s folk to a hybrid style incorporating electric instruments and well-known popular songs. == Track listing == All tracks composed by Dick Rosmini; except where noted ===Side one=== #"Paradise Thursday" #"The Fool on the Hill" (John Lennon, Paul McCartney) #"Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind" (John B. Sebastian) #"Licks for Sale" #"Trains and Boats and Planes" (Burt Bacharach, Hal David) #"El Funko" ===Side two=== #"Let's Go Get Stoned" (Nicolas Ashford, Valerie Simpson, Jo Armstead) #"The Duchess" #"People Got to Be Free" (Felix Cavaliere, Eddie Brigati) #"With a Little Help from My Friends" (Lennon, McCartney) #"I Heard It Through the Grapevine" (Norman Whitfield, Barrett Strong) #"Wichita Lineman" (Jimmy Webb) ==Personnel== *Dick Rosmini – 6 and 12-string guitar, electric guitar, vocals on "Let's Go Get Stoned" *Jim Gordon – drums *Michael Botts – drums *Jerry Scheff – bass *Van Dyke Parks – piano, harpsichord *Larry Knechtel – piano, organ *Paul Lewinson – piano, organ, arrangements *Gary Coleman – percussion *John Audino, Donald Menza, Plas Johnson, Gene Cipriano, James Horn, Jay Migliori, Anthony Terran – horns *Anne Goodman, Douglas Davis, Leonard Malarksy, Harry Bluestone, Bonnie Douglas, Erno Neufeld, Robert Berens – strings ;Technical *George Rodriguez - cover photography ==References== ==External links== *Illustrated Dick Rosmini discography Category:1969 albums Category:Dick Rosmini albums Category:Imperial Records albums Category:Albums produced by Alex Hassilev
31300360	A Gentleman's Gentleman	A Gentleman's Gentleman is a 1939 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Eric Blore, Marie Lohr and Peter Coke. It was made at Teddington Studios and was based on a play by Philip MacDonald. ==Cast== * Eric Blore as Heppelwhite * Marie Lohr as Mrs Handside-Lane * Peter Coke as Tony * Patricia Hilliard as Judy * David Hutcheson as Bassy * David Burns as Alfred * Wallace Evennett as Magnus Pomeroy * C. Denier Warren as Doctor Bottom ==References== ==External links== * Category:1939 films Category:1939 comedy films Category:British comedy films Category:Films directed by Roy William Neill Category:British black-and-white films Category:1930s English- language films Category:1930s British films
3132194	A Great Collection of Fabricated Traditions	A Great Collection of Fabricated Traditions, (), is a collection of fabricated hadith collected by Abu'l-Faraj ibn al-Jawzi (d.1201) for criticism. ==Description== The book consists of narrations, presented as hadith, declared fabricated (mawḍūʻ) by the author and then arranged by subject. Al-Mawdu'at has been described by Al-Nawawi as including many narrations, occupying approximately two volumes.Tadrib Al-Rawi by Al-Suyuti (d.1505), vol. 1, pgs. 471-2, Dar Al-Asimah edition. It consists of some 1847 narrations according to the numbering provided in the latest edition and is currently published in four volumes with ample footnotes providing additional information. ==Criticism== Al-Nawawi (d.1277) criticized the book as containing many hadith which cannot properly be declared mawḍūʻ. Some of them are, according to Al- Suyuti, ḍa‘īf, ḥasan or even ṣaḥīḥ. Ahmad ibn Ali Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani (d.1449) contends, however, that the majority of the narrations in this book are, in fact, fabricated and that those narrations criticized as not actually being fabricated are very few in comparison. ==References== Category:Sunni hadith collections Category:Hadith Category:Hadith studies Category:Hadith collections Category:12th-century Arabic books
31338107	A Hunger Artist (short story collection)	A Hunger Artist () is the collection of four short stories by Franz Kafka published in Germany in 1924, the last collection that Kafka himself prepared for publication. Kafka was able to correct the proofs during his final illness but the book was published by Verlag Die Schmiede several months after his death. The English translation by Willa and Edwin Muir was published by Schocken Books in 1948 in the collection The Penal Colony. All individual stories in the collection have also been translated before by various translators. ==Contents== * "Erstes Leid" ("First Sorrow") * "Eine kleine Frau" ("A Little Woman") * "Ein Hungerkünstler" ("A Hunger Artist") * "Josefine, die Sängerin oder Das Volk der Mäuse" (Josephine the Singer, or the Mouse Folk") ==References== * Category:1924 short story collections Category:Books published posthumously Category:Short story collections by Franz Kafka Category:Schocken Books books
31387700	A History of Marriage	thumb|First edition A History of Marriage, published by Penguin Canada in 2009, is a non-fiction book by Elizabeth Abbott, the Canadian author of A History of Celibacy (1999) and A History of Mistresses (2003) that combines general history and personal histories of marriage. The book is a study of mostly North American rituals of courting, nuptials, marriage, sex, child- raising and divorce. Some topics covered are relative ages at which various societies from Chinese to Mormon married off their girls; details of the satisfying marriage of Martin Luther and former nun Katharina von Bora; the ruptured family units of Native American children removed to residential schools; the popularity of so-called Boston marriages (depicted by Henry James in The Bostonians) between like-minded women who resisted conventional marriage but weren't necessarily lesbian; and the scarcity of sponges used for contraception by Northern women during the Civil War because of the cut-off in supply from Florida.Kirkus Reviews March 1st, 2011 A History of Marriage was a finalist for the 2010 Governor General's Literary Award for non-fiction.Canada Council for the Arts. == References == Category:Canadian non-fiction books Category:Books about marriage Category:2009 non-fiction books Category:Penguin Books books
31452302	A Cry Farewell	A Cry Farewell is an American rap metal/nu metal band formed in Cincinnati, Ohio in 2009. The band's musical style evolved from a hard rock sound to more of a rap metal sound by the following year. Following the release of "The Offering" and hit single "Nothing Left" in 2010, the band was featured by The New Review as one of the fastest rising hard rock acts in the nation. Since their formation, they've completed a national tour with Digital Summer and Universal/Republic records artist 10 Years, released a 5 track EP entitled The Offering, and have had 3 of their songs (Nothing Left, Open My Eyes and The Road) appear on numerous national radio stations, including Sirius XM Radio. The Offering was produced by grammy nominated producer Travis Wyrick (P.O.D., 10 Years, Disciple), who also produced their brand new full-length album The War Goes On which came out on December 20, 2011. ==History== ===Formation and The Offering (2009-2010)=== A Cry Farewell started in December 2009 when lead singer Josh Doyle's wife suggested he meet with guitarist Devon Leonard and start a band. Trevor Metcalf was then invited by Doyle and Leonard to join full time on bass guitar. Still without a drummer, they hired ex-Pillar drummer Lester Estelle II, to record session drums on The Offering. After the recording process, they sought out drummer Danny Hutchinson to round out the line up. The Offering was released on August 31, 2010. For a short period, the band decided to stream mp3 versions of the track for free from the band's website, as part of their "Offering" to the public. Since then, the band has been featured in HM Magazine, Flip Side to Music magazine, and The New Review. ===National tour and upcoming album (2010-present)=== In the final months of 2010, the band filmed their official music video for their single Nothing Left. The video was co-written by Doyle and Hutchinson and directed by Hutchinson. Shortly afterwards, the band were guests on a special 2-hour radio interview on Cincinnati's WMWX ClassX. During the interview, the band stated that the new album would be a continuation of The Offering, but a little more on the aggressive side. In February 2011, they embarked on a national tour with Digital Summer and 10 Years in support of their latest album, Feeding the Wolves. After the tour, the band finished writing their upcoming album, which they recorded in spring/summer of 2011. The album, entitled "The War Goes On" was released on December 20, 2011. In early January 2012, Randy Lorenz was added as a 2nd guitarist to the line up. In March of the same year, bassist Trevor Metcalf announced he would be leaving the band after their CD release show on March 16. ==Band members== *Josh Doyle - Vocals *Devon Leonard - Guitar *Danny Hutchinson - Drums *Randy Lorenz - Guitar ==Ex Members== *Trevor Metcalf - Bass Guitar ==Discography== Studio Albums *The War Goes On (2011) EPs *The Offering (2010) Demos *A Random Act of Defiance (2010) ==Videography== *Nothing Left (2011) ==References== ==External links== *Official Website Category:Musical groups established in 2009 Category:American nu metal musical groups Category:Rap metal musical groups Category:Musical groups from Cincinnati
3145259	A Fifth of Beethoven	"A Fifth of Beethoven" is a disco instrumental recorded by Walter Murphy and the Big Apple Band, adapted from the first movement of Ludwig van Beethoven's Symphony No. 5. The record was produced by production music and sound effects recording producer Thomas J. Valentino. The "Fifth" in the song's title is a pun, referencing a liquid measure approximately equal to one-fifth of a gallon, a popular size for bottles containing liquor, as well as Beethoven's Fifth Symphony from which the song was adapted. Released as a single by Private Stock Records in 1976, the song debuted at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and climbed to number 1 within 19 weeks, remaining there for one week. In 1977, it was licensed to RSO Records for inclusion on the best- selling Saturday Night Fever soundtrack. The song is one of Murphy's few Top 40 hits. ==Background and recording== In college, Murphy's interests included rock music, particularly that which was adapted from classical music, such as "Joy" by Apollo 100 and "A Lover's Concerto" by The Toys. Later, in 1976, while writing a disco song for a commercial, a producer suggested the idea of "updating classical music", which "nobody [has] done lately". He then recorded a demo tape of five songs—three were ordinary pop songs, while the fourth was a disco rendition of Beethoven's Fifth Symphony titled "A Fifth of Beethoven"—mailing it to various record labels in New York City. The response was underwhelming, but "Fifth" caught the interest of Private Stock Records owner Larry Uttal. Murphy signed on to Private Stock and recorded the album A Fifth of Beethoven, containing the title track and first single of the same name. The single was credited to "Walter Murphy & The Big Apple Band" upon encouragement from Private Stock, which believed it would be more successful if credited to a group rather than an individual. However, two days following the record's release, Private Stock discovered the existence of another Big Apple Band (which promptly changed its name to Chic). The record was later re- released and credited to "The Walter Murphy Band", then simply to "Walter Murphy". ==Reception== "A Fifth of Beethoven" started at number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100 and eventually reached number 1 within 19 weeks, where it stayed for one week. The single sold two million copies, while the album sold about 750,000 copies. The second single, a rendition of Nikolai Rimsky- Korsakov's "Flight of the Bumblebee", titled "Flight '76", reached number 44 on the Hot 100. In addition to Saturday Night Fever, it appears in a heavily edited form in the movie House of Gucci. It is used as the theme of the television miniseries Mrs. America. ==In popular culture== The music was used in a recruitment campaign by the Irish Defence Forces in the early 1980s. ==Charts and certifications== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1976) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 15 South Africa (Springbok Radio) 14 US Billboard Hot 100 1 US Billboard Hot Disco Singles 10 US Billboard Hot Soul Singles 10 US Billboard Adult Contemporary 13 US Cash Box 1 US Record World 1 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1976) Rank Australia (Kent Music Report) 91 Canada Top Singles (RPM) 8 New Zealand (Recorded Music NZ) 25 US Billboard Hot 100 10 US Cash Box 6 ===All-time charts=== Chart (1958–2018) Position US Billboard Hot 100 120 ===Certifications=== ==See also== *List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 1976 *List of Cash Box Top 100 number-one singles of 1976 *List of number-one singles of 1976 (Canada) ==References== ==External links== * Category:1976 singles Category:1976 songs Category:1970s instrumentals Category:Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles Category:Cashbox number-one singles Category:RPM Top Singles number-one singles Category:Disco songs Category:Cultural depictions of Ludwig van Beethoven Category:Pop instrumentals Category:Private Stock Records singles Category:Songs from Saturday Night Fever Category:Songs written by Walter Murphy Category:Popular songs based on classical music
31572175	A Cappella (Gaither Vocal Band album)	A Cappella is an album from Contemporary Christian, Southern Gospel group Gaither Vocal Band. The album was released on September 30, 2003. ==Track listing== #"Low Down the Chariot" (Bill Gaither, Russ Taff) – 2:52 #"Leave It There" / "What a Friend We Have in Jesus" (C. C. Converse, Joseph Scriven, Charles Albert Tindley) – 4:27 #"When I Survey the Wondrous Cross" (Isaac Watts) – 3:24 #"Delivered from the Hands of Pharaoh" (O. A. Parris, Eugene Wright) – 2:27 #"He Will Carry You" (Scott Wesley Brown) – 4:45 #"Jesus! What a Friend for Sinners" (John Wilbur Chapman, Rowland Prichard) – 4:17 #"Sing a Song"/"I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing (In Perfect Harmony)" (Bill Backer, Roger Cook, Billy Davis, Roger Greenaway, Joe Raposo) – 3:41 #"Center of My Joy" (Bill Gaither, Gloria Gaither, Richard Smallwood) – 4:24 #"Heaven's Joy Awaits" (V. B. Ellis) – 2:38 #"God Bless America" (Irving Berlin) – 3:28 #"I Then Shall Live" (Gloria Gaither, Jean Sibelius) – 5:13 #"Gentle Shepherd" (Gloria Gaither, Bill Gaither) – 4:11 ==Awards== On 2004, A Cappella was nominated for two Dove Awards: Southern Gospel Album of the Year and Southern Gospel Recorded Song of the Year for "Gentle Shepherd", at the 35th GMA Dove Awards.Nominations announced for 35th annual Dove Awards on ChristianExaminer (April 2004) ==Chart performance== The album peaked at #174 on the Billboard 200 and #7 on Billboard's Christian Albums.[ A Cappella] on Billboard ==References== ==External links== *A Cappella on Amazon Category:2003 albums Category:Gaither Vocal Band albums
31614007	A Guide to the Astral Plane	A Guide to the Astral Plane is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy tabletop role-playing game, published in 1996. ==Contents== The book explains rules for astral travel, zero-gravity combat and spellcasting in the astral plane. The mid-section of the book provides information on the Githyanki, the indigenous species on the Astral, which is suggested as an optional player race. The final section of the guide deals with other creatures that live on the plane, and describes a few locations. ==Publication history== A Guide to the Astral Plane was published by TSR, Inc. in 1996. ==Reception== Trenton Webb reviewed A Guide to the Astral Plane for Arcane magazine, rating it an 8 out of 10 overall. He quips that: "The problem with Planescape is that it inspires an almost ceaseless tide of high-quality accessories, and such creativity puts a strain on both the finances and campaigns of referees. The Guide to the Astral Plane further exacerbates this problem." He comments that "The Guide breathes life into what had hitherto been little more than a planar motorway. Essentially infinite and filled with few 'solid locations' or indigenous species, the Astral Plane should by rights be a dull place. Yet with some deft imaginative touches and sleight of logic, the guide transforms this dead zone into a wonderfully different 'world'." Webb adds: "By expanding the accepted 'physics' of the Astral plane and applying classic Planescape thinking, the Silver Void is made solid and comprehensible. Rules for astral travel, zero-gravity combat and spellcasting are crisply and clearly explained - all concepts that will add extra spice to normal play and properly emphasise the unique nature of this inner space." He continues "For these rules to have any practical value, though, the Astral Plane has to be worth exploring. And for that it needs people and places. The mid-section of the guide's response is more information than even an Illithid would want on the Githyanki - the indigenous species on the Astral. Such depth is necessary because it's suggested as an optional player race, but while as non-player characters the Githyanki boast some excellent twists and Astral-specific spells, as PCs they would be little more than dextrous, not to mention ugly, egg layers." Webb concludes his review by saying, "The final section of the guide deals with those other beasties who make the void their home and the few areas that actually 'exist.. Many of the monsters have been met before in other Planescape sourcebooks, but the locations are excellent, original work - the Bonecloud (a zombie swarm) and Divinity Leech (a fortress that sucks energy from the corpses of gods) take the bizarre nature of this plane to its logical extreme. All of the locations are dutifully different and the majority are truly inspired, so they're well worth running the void for." ==Reviews== *Pryamid #25 ==References== Category:Planescape supplements Category:Role-playing game supplements introduced in 1996
3163760	A Boy Named Charlie Brown	A Boy Named Charlie Brown is a 1969 American animated musical comedy-drama film, produced by Cinema Center Films, distributed by National General Pictures, and directed by Bill Melendez. It is the first feature film based on the Peanuts comic strip. It was well-received and a box-office success, grossing $12 million. == Plot == When Charlie Brown's baseball team loses the first game of the season, he becomes convinced that he will not win any of them. On the way to school one day, Lucy jokingly suggests that he enter the school spelling bee. However, Linus considers it a good idea and encourages him despite the jeers of Lucy, Violet, and Patty ("Failure Face"). Charlie Brown nervously enters the spelling bee and defeats his classmates. As he studies for the school championship, he and Linus sing a spelling mnemonic ("I Before E") as Snoopy accompanies them on a Jew's harp. In class the next day, Charlie Brown freezes when challenged with perceive, but recovers when Snoopy plays the song's accompaniment outside the classroom window. Crowned champion, his classmates cheerfully follow him home and sing ("Champion Charlie Brown"). Lucy proclaims herself his agent, and when his friends suggest that he continue studying, he is confused. They tell Charlie Brown that he must now take part in the National Spelling Bee in New York City, and he is again filled with self-doubt. As Charlie Brown leaves, Linus reluctantly offers him his blanket for good luck, and the other kids cheer for him. Back at home, Linus suffers terrible withdrawal after being separated from his blanket. Unable to withstand without it, he pleads with Snoopy to go to New York City and help him recover it. They meet with an exhausted Charlie Brown in his hotel room, but he does not know where he left Linus' blanket. After searching outside of the hotel, they return to him, only to find him absentmindedly using the blanket as a shoe-shine cloth. Linus joins Snoopy in the audience as Charlie Brown competes; the other kids watch the contest at home on television. One-by-one, the other contestants are eliminated until only Charlie Brown and one other boy remain. Although Charlie Brown spells several words correctly (fussbudget, disastrous and incompetent), he is eliminated when he accidentally misspells beagle as B–E–A–G–E–L (Snoopy's breed), much to his and everyone else's frustration. Lucy, who is equally ashamed that Charlie Brown lost, says he made her mad and turns off the TV angrily. Despite finishing as the national runner-up, Charlie Brown returns home, depressed, along with Linus and Snoopy. The next day, Linus visits him. He has been in his bed all day and refuses to see or talk to anybody. Linus tells him that the other kids missed him at school and that his baseball team finally won their first game of the season, but Charlie says he will never return to school or do anything again. As Linus leaves, he now points out that the world did not end despite his failure. He thinks for a moment, gets dressed, and goes outside. He sees the other kids playing, and when he spots Lucy as she plays with a football, he sneaks up behind her to kick it. She pulls it away and welcomes him home and the two look at the camera before the film fades to black. == Cast == * Peter Robbins as Charlie Brown * Pamelyn Ferdin as Lucy van Pelt * Glenn Gilger as Linus van Pelt * Andy Pforsich as Schroeder * Sally Dryer as Patty * Bill Melendez as Snoopy * Anne Altieri as Violet * Erin Sullivan as Sally Brown * Lynda Mendelson as Frieda * Christopher DeFaria as Pig-Pen Shermy appears in this film but doesn't have a speaking role. Peppermint Patty and 5 also appear in silent roles. == Production == === Development === The film was partly based on a series of Peanuts comic strips originally published in newspapers in February 1966. That story had a much different ending: Charlie Brown was eliminated in his class spelling bee right away for misspelling the word maze ("M–A–Y–S" while thinking of baseball legend Willie Mays), thus confirming Violet's prediction that he would make a fool of himself. He then screams at his teacher in frustration, causing him to be sent to the principal's office (A few gags from that storyline, however, were also used in You're in Love, Charlie Brown). === Music === The film also included several original songs, some of which boasted vocals for the first time: "Failure Face", "I Before E" and "Champion Charlie Brown" (Before the film, musical pieces in Peanuts specials were primarily instrumental, except for a few traditional songs in A Charlie Brown Christmas.) Rod McKuen wrote and sang the title song. He also wrote "Failure Face" and "Champion Charlie Brown". The instrumental tracks interspersed throughout the film were composed by Vince Guaraldi and arranged by John Scott Trotter (who also wrote "I Before E"). The music consisted mostly of uptempo jazz tunes that had been heard since some of the earliest Peanuts television specials aired back in 1965; however, for the film, they were given a more "theatrical" treatment, with lusher horn-filled arrangements. Instrumental tracks used in it included "Skating" (first heard in A Charlie Brown Christmas) and "Baseball Theme" (first heard in Charlie Brown's All-Stars). When discussing the augmentation of Guaraldi's established jazz scores with additional musicians, Lee Mendelson commented, "It wasn't that we thought Vince's jazz couldn't carry the movie, but we wanted to supplement it with some 'big screen music.' We focused on Vince for the smaller, more intimate Charlie Brown scenes; for the larger moments, we turned to Trotter's richer, full-score sound."Bang, Derrick. Liner notes for A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (2017); Kritzerland, Inc. Retrieved 7 May 2020 Guaraldi's services were passed over entirely for the second Peanuts feature film, Snoopy Come Home, with Mendelson turning to longtime Disney composers, the Sherman Brothers, to compose the music score. The segment during the "Skating" sequence was choreographed by American figure skater Skippy Baxter. A segment during the middle of the film, in which Schroeder plays the entire 2nd Movement of Beethoven's Sonata Pathétique was performed by Ingolf Dahl. Dahl also performs the excerpts of the 1st and 3rd movements which appear in the film and are also played by Schroeder. Only the 3rd Movement (Rondo: Allegro) can be found on A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack and only as a shortened bonus track. The film also features a Jew's harp, which Snoopy plays to help Charlie Brown with his spelling. Vince Guaraldi's songs were mostly from other specials and included (in addition to "Skating" and "Baseball Theme") "Blue Charlie Brown", "Good Grief", "Snoopy Surfing", and "Linus and Lucy" (several renditions are featured, including 2 slowed down renditions, one in minor key, featured while Linus was looking for his blanket and of course, the traditional rendition when he finally finds it). Guaraldi also plays a rendition of "Champion Charlie Brown" in the opening credits on the piano. The French-language version replaces Rod McKuen's vocals with a French version sung by Serge Gainsbourg, "". A soundtrack album with dialogue from the film was released on the Columbia Masterworks label in 1970 titled A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Selections from the Film Soundtrack. The first all-music version was released on CD by Kritzerland Records as a limited issue of 1,000 copies in 2017, titled A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.A Boy Named Charlie Brown: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack at kritzerland.com == Reception == The film premiered at the Radio City Music Hall in New York City, only the third animated feature to play there after Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937) and Bambi (1942). The film was well received by critics and holds a 95% rating at Rotten Tomatoes based on 22 reviews, with an average rating of 7.50/10. Time praised its use of "subtle, understated colors" and its scrupulous fidelity to the source material, calling it a message film that "should not be missed." The New York Times Vincent Canby wrote: "A practically perfect screen equivalent to the quiet joys to be found in almost any of Charles M. Schulz's Peanuts comic strips. I do have some reservations about the film, but it's difficult—perhaps impossible—to be anything except benign towards a G-rated, animated movie that manages to include references to St. Stephen, Thomas Eakins, Harpers Ferry, baseball, contemporary morality (as it relates to Charlie Brown's use of his 'bean ball'), conservation and kite flying. " The film was a success at the box office, earning $12 million."November 2015 Box Office Forecast", 5 November 2015, p. 3.Boxofficeprophets.com In its first week at Radio City Music Hall, it grossed $230,000, including a record $60,123 on Saturday, December 6. In its second week, it grossed $290,000 which made it number one in the United States. A 1971 Associated Press story argued the success of the film "broke the Disney monopoly" on animated feature films that had existed since the 1937 release of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. "The success of 'Peanuts' started a trend", animation producer Fred Calvert told the AP, "but I hope the industry is not misled into thinking that animation is the only thing. You need to have a solid story and good characters, too. Audiences are no longer fascinated by the fact that Mickey Mouse can spit." === Awards and nominations === The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score, but lost to The Beatles' Let It Be. == Home media == The film was first released on VHS and Betamax in July 1983 through CBS/Fox Video, before seeing another VHS, Betamax, and LaserDisc release in 1984, then several more in 1985, September 26, 1991, February 20, 1992, and 1995 by CBS Home Entertainment through 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment, and May 29, 2001, through Paramount Home Entertainment, before making its Region 1 DVD debut in the original 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen aspect ratio on March 28, 2006, by Paramount Home Entertainment/CBS Home Entertainment (co-producer Cinema Center Films was owned by CBS). The DVD has more than six minutes of footage not seen since the 1969 test screening and premiere. The footage consists of new scenes completely excised from earlier home video releases (VHS, CED Laserdisc, Japanese DVD) and TV prints — most notably, a scene of Lucy's infamous "pulling-away-the-football" trick after her slide presentation of Charlie Brown's faults (and her instant replay thereof), as well as extending existing scenes. The film was released on Blu-ray on September 6, 2016, along with Snoopy Come Home, however, unlike the DVD releases, both films are presented in an open-matte 4:3 ratio.Amazon.com The film earned $6 million in rentals."Big Rental Films of 1970", Variety, 6 January 1971, p. 11.A Boy Named Charlie Brown (1969) – Box office / business == See also == * Peanuts filmography * Snoopy, Come Home * Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown * Bon Voyage, Charlie Brown (And Don't Come Back!) * The Peanuts Movie == References == == External links == * * * * Category:Peanuts films Category:1969 films Category:1969 animated films Category:1960s American animated films Category:1960s musical comedy-drama films Category:American children's animated comedy films Category:American musical comedy-drama films Category:Children's comedy-drama films Category:Cinema Center Films films Category:Comics adapted into animated films Category:1960s English-language films Category:Films about spelling competitions Category:Films based on American comics Category:Films directed by Bill Melendez Category:Animated films set in New York City Category:Peanuts music Category:Films with screenplays by Charles M. Schulz Category:1969 directorial debut films Category:1960s children's animated films Category:Animated films about children
316851	A Boy Named Sue	"A Boy Named Sue" is a song written by humorist, children's author, and poet Shel Silverstein and made popular by Johnny Cash. Cash recorded the song live in concert on February 24, 1969, at California's San Quentin State Prison for his At San Quentin album. Cash also performed the song (with comical variations on the original performance) in December 1969 at Madison Square Garden. The live San Quentin version of the song became Cash's biggest hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and his only top ten single there, spending three weeks at No. 2 in 1969, held out of the top spot by "Honky Tonk Women" by The Rolling Stones. The track also topped the Billboard Hot Country Songs and Easy Listening charts that same year and was certified Gold on August 14, 1969, by the RIAA. Silverstein's own recording was released the same year as "Boy Named Sue", a single on the album Boy Named Sue (and His Other Country Songs), produced by Chet Atkins and Felton Jarvis. ==Content== The song tells the tale of a young man's quest for revenge on a father who abandoned him at three years of age and whose only contribution to his entire life was giving him a guitar and naming him Sue, commonly a feminine name, which results in the young man suffering from ridicule and harassment by everyone he meets. Ashamed of his name, he becomes a hard-hearted nomad as a young man; he swears that he will find and kill his father for giving him "that awful name". Sue later locates his father at a tavern one summer day in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, and after recognizing him by the scar on his cheek and his evil eye confronts him by saying, "My name is Sue! How do you do? Now you're gonna die!" This results in a vicious brawl that spills outdoors into a muddy street. As the two pull their guns on each other, Sue's father smiles with pride and admits that he is the man ("son of a bitch" in the Johnny Cash version) that named him Sue. Because Sue's father knew that he would not be there for his son, he gave him the name as an act of tough love, believing (correctly) that the ensuing ridicule would force him to "get tough or die". Learning this, Sue makes peace and reconciles with his father. Sue closes the song conceding his father's point of view, but that if he ever has a son, he will name the boy "Bill, or George, any damn thing but Sue" because he "still hate(s) that name." ==Structure== The song has an unusual AABCCB rhyme scheme, broken only to mark the midpoint and ending. The song is performed mostly in the speech-like style of talking blues rather than conventional singing.A Boy Named Sue, YouTube.com ==Censorship== The term "son of a bitch" in the line "I'm the son of a bitch that named you Sue!" was bleeped out in the Johnny Cash version both on the single and the At San Quentin album, and the final line was also edited to remove the word "damn". Both the edited and unedited versions are available on various albums and compilations. The term "son of a bitch" was edited to "son of a gun" or altogether bleeped out in some versions. When performing the song live in later performances (such as in April 1970 at the White House and in 1994 at the Glastonbury Festival, for example), Cash would himself utter a bleep-censor sound in lieu of the word. The unedited version of the original San Quentin performance is included on later reissues of the At San Quentin album and on Cash's posthumous The Legend of Johnny Cash album. Silverstein does not utter any profanity in his original version, with Sue's father instead identifying himself as the "heartless hound" that named him Sue. ==Inspiration== The core story of the song was inspired by humorist Jean Shepherd, a close friend of Silverstein, who was often taunted as a child because of his feminine-sounding name.Bergmann, Eugene B.: Excelsior, You Fathead! The Art and Enigma of Jean Shepherd, 2005. The title might also have been inspired by the male attorney Sue K. Hicks of Madisonville, Tennessee, a friend of John Scopes who agreed to be a prosecutor in what was to become known as the "Scopes Monkey Trial". Hicks was named after his mother, who died after giving birth to him."Johnny Cash Is Indebted to a Judge Named Sue". The New York Times, July 12, 1970, p. 66. In his autobiography, Cash wrote that he had just received the song and only read over it a couple of times. It was included in that concert to try it out—he did not know the words and on the filmed recording he can be seen regularly referring to a piece of paper. Cash was surprised at how well the song went over with the audience.Cash, Johnny: Cash: The Autobiography, 1997 The rough, spontaneous performance with sparse accompaniment was included in the Johnny Cash At San Quentin album, ultimately becoming one of Cash's biggest hits. According to Cash biographer Robert Hilburn, neither the British TV crew filming the concert nor his band knew he planned to perform the song; he used a lyric sheet on stage while Perkins and the band improvised the backing on the spot. While another song, "San Quentin", was expected to be the major new song featured in the concert and subsequent album (so much so the album includes two performances of "San Quentin"), "A Boy Named Sue" ended up being the concert's major find.Robert Hilburn, Johnny Cash: The Life (New York: Little, Brown, 2013), p. 353-355;363 Cash also performed it on his own musical variety show, ending the song with the line, "And if I ever have a son, I think I'm gonna name him... John Carter Cash", referring to his newborn son. Cash also performed this variant at the White House in April 1970; in later years, however, he would restore the original "any name but Sue" ending, but change the wording to "if I ever have another son". When Cash performed with The Highwaymen in the 1980s and 1990s, he would end the song by saying "if I ever have another boy, I think I'm gonna name him Waylon, or Willie, or Kris." referring to bandmates Waylon Jennings, Willie Nelson, and Kris Kristofferson. According to Shel Silverstein's biographer Mitch Myers, it was June Carter Cash who encouraged her husband to perform the song. Silverstein introduced it to them at what they called a "Guitar Pull," where musicians would pass a guitar around and play their songs. Silverstein later wrote a follow-up named "The Father of a Boy Named Sue" on his 1978 Songs and Stories in which he tells the old man's point of view of the story. The only known recording of the song by a major artist is by Shel Silverstein himself. Various cover artists have covered this song since then. ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1969) Peak position Australia (Go-Set) 2 South Africa 13 US Billboard Hot Country Singles 1 US Billboard Hot Adult Contemporary Tracks 1 US Cash Box Top 100 2 ===Year- end charts=== Chart (1969) Rank Canada 49 US Billboard Hot 100 36 US Adult Contemporary (Billboard)Top Records on 1969 (Based on Billboard Charts)", Billboard, December 27, 1969. pp. 16-17. Accessed December 7, 2016. 40 US Cash Box 34 ==Certifications== ==Impact on popular culture== Comedian Martin Mull wrote a parody titled A Girl Named Johnny Cash which was recorded in 1970 by Jane Morgan and reached No. 61 on Billboard's country charts. MAD Magazine issue No. 137 (September 1970) included a parody titled A Boy Dog Named Lassie, based on the fact that the Lassie movies and TV series employed male Collies in the female title role. The gender-bending implications of the title have been adapted to explore issues of sex and gender, another use of the popular song title that goes beyond its original scope. The 2001 documentary A Boy Named Sue features a transgender protagonist and uses the song in the soundtrack. A Boy Named Sue: Gender and Country Music is the title of a 2004 book about the role of the gender in American country music.Kristine M. McCusker, Diane Pecknold (2004) A Boy Named Sue: Gender and Country Music, University Press of Mississippi, In Winston Groom's 1986 novel Forrest Gump and its 1995 sequel Gump and Co., the title character explores the world with a male ape named Sue, who had been a NASA test animal. The ape is never mentioned in the 1994 Forrest Gump movie. In the film Swingers, one of the male characters is named Sue. The name is explained by another character by saying, "his dad was a big Johnny Cash fan." "A Boy Named Sue" is referenced in the Red Hot Chili Peppers song "Save This Lady." The Stone Temple Pilots' song "Crackerman" references "A Boy Named Sue" in the second verse. Big John Bates did an uptempo cover of the song for a Johnny Cash compilation record in 2009. ==References== Category:Songs about parenthood Category:Shel Silverstein songs Category:1969 singles Category:Live singles Category:Johnny Cash songs Category:Songs written by Shel Silverstein Category:Song recordings produced by Chet Atkins Category:Song recordings produced by Bob Johnston Category:Columbia Records singles Category:RCA Records singles Category:Novelty songs Category:1969 songs
31698540	A Gathering of Demons	A Gathering of Demons is an independent EP from heavy metal band Reverend. This is the last Reverend offering to feature the vocals of longtime singer David Wayne. ==Track listing== ==Lineup== *David Wayne: Vocals *Chris Nelson: Guitars *John Stahlman: Bass *Todd Stotz: Drums Category:2001 EPs Category:Reverend (band) albums
31702751	A Fistful of Paintballs	"A Fistful of Paintballs" is the twenty-third and penultimate episode of the second season of Community. It is part one of the two-part second-season finale, along with "For a Few Paintballs More", and is a spiritual successor to "Modern Warfare" from the first season. The episode originally premiered on May 5, 2011, on NBC. In the episode, Dean Pelton once again announces plans for a game of paintball, with the winner receiving $100,000. The group slowly teams up to help each other, but they find their friendship with Pierce being put to the test. The group also faces a new threat from a man only known as "The Black Rider" (played by Josh Holloway). The episode was written by Andrew Guest and directed by Joe Russo. The episode is inspired by Spaghetti Western films directed by Sergio Leone. ==Plot== Mike (Anthony Michael Hall) and his gang are chasing "Fat Neil" down a corridor when Annie emerges and defeats the bullies. "Fat Neil" asks her for a paintball gun, but winds up shot when he tries to pull the gun on Annie. In flashback it is revealed the paintball game was started by Dean Pelton and "Pistol Patty's Cowboy Creamery", an ice cream company. The Dean explains the reason last year's "Paintball Assassin" game was unsuccessful was that the prize was too important. He then lets the mascot Pistol Patty, a giant ice cream cone in western attire, explain the prize. Pandemonium breaks out at the announcement that the prize is $100,000 in cash. Annie comes back to her base to find Abed, who proposes she join him, Jeff, and Chang in the library. Meanwhile, in the library, Jeff and Chang are trapped by the math club, so Chang betrays him. Abed saves Jeff, but Chang gets away. Jeff informs Annie that he is also low on ammo and they discuss whether they should join Pierce, who is hiding in the cafeteria, or steal his ammo since he has "more paint than a French kindergarten". They are interrupted by a stranger (Josh Holloway), who they believe does not go to Greendale, and manage to escape from him. On their way to the cafe they run into Britta, Shirley, and Troy and find out they are working for Pierce, who has set up a safe zone known as Fort Hawthorne in the cafeteria. During dinner with Pierce, he expresses his desire to team up and split the cash. He informs them of the location of a stash of ammo. As the study group is looking for ammo, Annie finds Chang who is about to be "executed" by a gang of cheerleaders, whom he betrayed the math club to join. Annie shoots the cheerleaders, but Chang runs away. She chases him but is caught by the stranger, who for some reason is known as "The Black Rider". Jeff and Abed arrive and save Annie, but she finds out that Pierce loaded Jeff's gun with blanks. The study group finds Dean Pelton hiding in a closet and get all of last year's paintball supplies from his office. Annie takes the paintball machine gun Chang used last year and storms off to confront Pierce. Back at Fort Hawthorne, the group finds it's been demolished by "The Black Rider". They find Pierce hiding in the bathroom and confront him. Pierce confesses he loaded Jeff's gun with blanks because he was offended to find the group playing cards without him three days ago. Annie admits that they weren't playing cards, but were actually voting whether to allow Pierce to remain in the study group next year or ban him. One holdout vote (revealed to the viewer to be Annie) prevented Pierce's ejection from the group. "The Black Rider" emerges, adding another side to the Mexican standoff, but Pierce appears to have a heart attack. As the only one in the room who doesn't realize Pierce is faking it, "The Black Rider" goes to help him and gets shot. Having lost the game, he leaves in disgust, revealing that he was hired by Pistol Patty's to keep the prize money. Pierce runs off alone, vowing revenge. Chang is seen looking for another alliance to join when he is shot by a paintball machine gun from the Pistol Patty's van. Pistol Patty leads out a commando team in white, declaring "Plan B: Operation Total Invasion" to prevent any of the Greendale contestants from winning the prize money. ==Production== The episode was written by Andrew Guest, his sixth writing credit of the series. It was directed by executive producer Joe Russo, his 15th directing credit of the series. It was reported of February 28, 2011, by Entertainment Weekly that Josh Holloway would guest star in the season finale as a mysterious character. Originally scheduled to air as an hour-long season finale on May 12, 2011, the episodes were split into two parts airing May 5 and May 12, respectively. Regarding the concept of the two-part season finale and the return to paintball, creator Dan Harmon said, "It's designed to exist both as one story but also two separate episodes. [The first] one has a Sergio Leone Western motif, so there’s more emphasis on tension, scarcity of ammo, and who might draw on who. But the second one erupts – the Western motif falls away and all out war ensues. There's a kind of an epic, wartime, band-of-rebels-against-a- larger-force Star Wars feel to the second one ... If we only did the Western one, there might have been some people who said, 'Oh it's great, but it's not 'Modern Warfare.' And then there's other people who, if we had only done 'Modern Warfare,' would say, 'Eh, same thing again.'" ==Cultural references== The episode is a tribute to Western films, specifically the "Dollars Trilogy" by Sergio Leone. Fort Hawthorne is an homage to the Gem Saloon in Deadwood. Abed notes that Holloway's character is handsome enough for network television - a nod toward Holloway's performance on ABC's Lost as James "Sawyer" Ford. Troy's outfit is a tribute to Bart played by Cleavon Little from “Blazing Saddles”. ==Reception== In its original American broadcast on May 5, 2011, "A Fistful of Paintballs" was viewed by an estimated 3.49 million viewers. The episode received positive reviews from critics, much like "Modern Warfare". Several critics noted the obvious comparisons to "Modern Warfare" when reviewing the episode, saying it does not top "Modern Warfare", but is a worthy companion episode. Emily VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club commented the episode "isn't the season's funniest episode, but it might be the most FUN, and that's where the episode, ultimately, gets me." She also said, "There are so many goofy, winning touches in this episode that it almost feels churlish to write too much that's negative about it." Although she graded the episode an A−, she felt "that it's hard to watch the first half of an intended two- parter and be able to say much about the work as a whole. I'll say that I think this is a pretty great set-up, but it's essentially ALL set-up, and that means a lot of how successful it is depends on next week's episode and how it goes." Kelsea Stahler of Hollywood.com called the episode "a worthy paintball redux" and "a fun, riotous companion to the classic episode." HitFix critic Alan Sepinwall applauded the episode, saying "the new installment went for depth instead of breadth, focusing entirely on the style of the spaghetti Western and doing a very impressive job of it. The revamped opening credit sequence was gorgeous, the score sounded very much like Ennio Morricone's work on The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, the different showdowns had the requisite number of close-ups, etc." He also enjoyed Alison Brie's performance as Annie, commenting that "She was so fierce, so kickass as a strong loner heroine that I could very easily imagine her as the lead of an actual, not-for-laughs Western." TV Fanatic reviewer Jeffrey Kirkpatrick loved the episode, saying that it even tops the original paintball episode and very much enjoyed the performance of Brie, calling her a "showstopper." Eric Koreen of the National Post said the episode "was daring, stunningly shot and completely unafraid to try to do more than any sitcom ought to." After watching the second season's finale, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige gave Joe and Anthony Russo the job of directing the 2014 film Captain America: The Winter Soldier. == References == == External links == * "A Fistful of Paintballs" at NBC.com * Category:Community (season 2) episodes Category:2011 American television episodes Category:Paintball-related media
31778634	A Folk Song A Day	A Folk Song a Day is a project by the English folk singer and musician and Bellowhead member Jon Boden where he recorded and released a folk song each day for one year. The project ended on 24 June 2011. ==About== The project started on 24 June 2010. It has resulted in 12 digital albums (one for each month). Boden hopes that it will promote social singing and be a resource for those looking for inspiration. The songs can be bought in the form of digital download from Amazon or from iTunes. The project reached number one in the iTunes music podcast in its first week. ==The songs== ;A Folk Song A Day 1: July 2010 * Tyne Of Harrow 05:18 * The Hunt Is Up 03:06 * I Wish That The Wars Were All Over 02:45 * Blackwaterside 02:03 * Barbara Allen 05:18 * Cruel Mother 05:49 * Chickens In The Garden 02:20 * Across The Line 02:54 * Pretty Cock / As I Stood Under My Love's Window 02:27 * Banks Of Green Willow 04:24 * Danny Dever 04:41 * Mercedes Benz 01:56 * Rambling Sailor 02:42 * Yellow Roses 03:20 * Big Steamers 02:24 * Lucy Wan 03:30 * Come Write Me Down 02:52 * The Bloody Gardener 03:42 * Go And Leave Me 03:26 * Rain It Rains 03:26 * Stonecutter Boy 01:49 * Sally Free And Easy 03:19 * Young Edward In The Lowlands 03:54 * Old Tom Moor 05:00 * Tha' Lowks A Proper Swell 05:18 * Banks Of Red Roses 02:20 * A Blacksmith Courted Me 03:22 * Maid Of Australia 04:27 * Child Morris 07:04 * The Old Songs 04:23 * Tom Padget 03:49 ;A Folk Song A Day 2: August 2010 * (Now) Westlin Winds 03:43 * Two Young Brethren 02:09 * The Land 06:14 * Greenland Whale Fishery 03:22 * Brown Adam 04:24 * Shepherd of the Downs 04:09 * Derry Gaol 03:04 * Frankie's Trade 04:26 * Ca the Ewes 02:51 * Two Pretty Boys 02:26 * Cruel Knife 02:42 * Nostradamus 05:32 * Adieu Sweet Lovely Nancy 03:28 * Bold Sir Rylas 03:07 * Dream of Napoleon 03:34 * Live Not Where I Love 03:45 * Polly Vaughan 02:35 * Saucy Sailor 02:53 * Abroad for Pleasure 01:43 * Oggy Man 02:21 * Golden Glove 03:51 * Country Life 01:45 * Rolling Down to Old Maui 03:41 * Jordan Is a Hard Road 02:59 * Leave Her Johnny 02:40 * Doleful Dance of Death 02:58 * Randal 03:38 * Bonny House of Airlie 03:20 * Yorkshire Couple 02:26 * William Taylor 03:09 * Yarmouth Town 02:32 ;A Folk Song A Day 3: September 2010 * The Prentice Boy 02:49 * Light Dragoon 02:57 * London Waterman 02:14 * Noah's Ark Shanty 02:11 * King of Rome 02:56 * On a Monday Morning 02:29 * Fakenham Fair 03:30 * Rambling Robin 01:45 * In the Shade of the Old Harris Mill 02:34 * Sleep On Beloved 03:08 * Hey John Barleycorn 03:05 * Fathom the Bowl 03:07 * Water Is Wide 02:47 * The Rigs of the Time 02:53 * On Board 98 04:20 * Oats and Beans and Barley Grows 00:49 * The Irish Ballad (Rickety Tickety Tin) 02:20 * The Bush Girl 04:10 * The Lord Will Provide 02:19 * NaCl 01:56 * Down Where the Drunkards Roll 03:25 * The Trees They Do Grow High 02:25 * Blood Red Roses 02:13 * A-Begging I Will Go 02:51 * 10,000 Miles Away 02:13 * Sparrow 01:42 * Three Ravens 03:04 * Waltzing Matilda 03:21 * Brisk Young Widow 01:57 * All of a Row 02:14 * Barbaree (Bonus Song) 03:32 ;A Folk Song A Day 4: October 2010 * Prickle-Eye Bush 03:06 * The Huntsman 05:10 * Deep Blue Sea 03:38 * New York Girls 03:12 * Jersey Girl 04:07 * The Poor Man's Labours 01:46 * Bay of Biscay 02:46 * Gallant Hussar 03:18 * The Constant Lovers 05:17 * Hunting the Hare 01:12 * Courting Too Slow 03:51 * The Dawn of the Day 02:40 * The Sheepstealer 02:30 * Marrowbones 02:47 * Old Joe Clark 01:49 * Bill Brown 04:19 * Johnny's Gone to Hilo 03:23 * Sea Coal 03:49 * Pretty Nancy of Yarmouth 03:06 * Close the Coalhouse Door 02:38 * All for Me Grog 02:24 * Santa Fe Trail 04:51 * Jock Stewart 02:07 * The Death of Queen Jane 03:27 * Good Old Way 02:52 * Doffing Mistress 01:30 * Blackleg Miner 01:55 * Goodnight Irene 02:31 * Mad Family 01:35 * Dig My Grave 01:05 * Tam Lin 09:59 ;A Folk Song A Day 5: November 2010 * Spectre Review 05:10 * His Name Is Andrew 05:05 * London Town 02:49 * Spencer the Rover 03:15 * Cob a Coalin 01:59 * South Australia 01:53 * Love At the Five and Dime 04:46 * Boston Harbour 02:05 * Mary Ann 02:48 * A Chat With Your Mother 04:03 * If You Want to See the General 03:09 * Bruton Town 03:36 * Rose of Tralee 03:04 * I'll Go With Him Wherever He Goes 02:41 * See See the Cape's In View 02:39 * Hard Times 02:52 * Unfortunate Lass 03:41 * Cholera Camp 06:09 * I Once Was a Fisherman 02:37 * My Johnny Was a Shoemaker 01:29 * Jacob's Well 03:38 * Poor Fellows 05:04 * Warlike Lads of Russia 03:31 * Fire Marengo 02:44 * Grey Goose and Gander 03:37 * The Hand Weaver and the Factory Maid 02:43 * Sweep Chimney Sweep 02:08 * Farewell to Old Bedford 01:58 * Cold Blows the Wind 03:26 * Brown Girl 03:15 ;A Folk Song A Day 6: December 2010 * Babes In The Wood 02:46 * Hark Hark 01:53 * Snow Falls 01:52 * While Shepherds Watched (Pentonville) 03:06 * While Shepherds Watched (Sweet Chiming Bells) 02:50 * Come All You Weary Travellers 02:43 * Mistletoe Bough 04:08 * Cells 04:14 * Boar's Head Carol 01:45 * A Roving On A Winter's Night 03:07 * Spout Cottage 02:10 * Poor Little Jesus 02:36 * All Hail The Power Of Jesus' Name (Diadem) 02:53 * The Holly & The Ivy 02:23 * Remember O Thou Man 03:30 * Jingle Bells 03:53 * Mount Moriah 02:14 * We Wish You A Merry Christmas 01:51 * Awake Arise Good Christians 02:37 * While Shepherds Watched (Lyngham) 02:38 * Stannington 02:12 * Rudolph The Red Nosed Reindeer 02:09 * The First Noel 02:58 * Shepherds Arise 03:31 * On Christmas Day 01:38 * The King 01:31 * O Little Town Of Bethlehem 02:21 * Little Pot Stove 04:47 * I'd Like To Tell To You 01:45 * Rocking Me Babies 02:16 * Cornish Wassail Song 05:05 ;A Folk Song A Day 7: January 2011 * January Man 03:19 * Daddy Fox 02:54 * Old Brown's Daughter 03:36 * Peggy Bann 03:44 * Apple Tree Wassail Song 02:39 * Pilgrim On the Pennine Way 03:49 * Captain Ward 03:21 * Otago 03:39 * Peggy Gordon 02:59 * In the Month of January 02:58 * The Snow It Melts the Soonest 02:25 * Off to Epsom Races 01:45 * Ruins By the Shore 02:54 * Days Gone By 03:00 * Smugglers Song 03:29 * Lowlands 03:17 * Five Hundred Miles 02:20 * Maria's Gone 02:45 * Ballina Whalers 05:03 * The Last Leviathan 02:48 * The Cuckoo 02:47 * John Ball 03:46 * I Drew My Ship 02:24 * Two Magicians 04:07 * Some Tyrant Has Stolen My True Love Away 02:15 * Bungay Roger 02:15 * My Son John 01:28 * Banks of the Nile 03:05 * Anachie Gordon 06:57 * I'll Take You Home Again Kathleen 03:23 * Dark As a Dungeon 02:43 ;A Folk Song A Day 8: February 2011 * Sheffield Apprentice 04:47 * Won't You Go My Way 01:19 * Clyde Water 04:41 * German Musicianer 03:18 * Cold Blow and the Rainy Night 02:45 * When First I Came to Caledonia 03:35 * King Henry Was King James' Son 01:24 * Queenie 01:35 * Simon John 04:30 * Rolling Down to Rio 01:53 * Hanging Johnny 01:14 * Butter and Cheese and All 03:16 * Don't Go Out Tonight Dear Father 03:36 * Cupid's Garden 03:23 * Young Banker 02:31 * Donkey Riding 01:32 * I Sowed the Seeds of Love 03:14 * Over the Hills and Far Away 03:03 * Bird In the Bush 02:55 * Shoals of Herring 02:59 * Grey Funnel Line 03:06 * A Pilgrims Way 04:21 * Widow's Curse 05:08 * Maid and the Palmer 03:18 * Sir Patrick Spens 04:39 * Fiddlers Green 04:52 * Captain Wedderburn 05:26 * Oor Hamlet 04:21 ;A Folk Song A Day 9: March 2011 * Lakes of Pontchartrain 03:33 * Four Angels 03:32 * Willie's Lady 05:46 * Worcester City 02:58 * Swansea Barracks 04:36 * Wife of the Soldier 01:36 * Bold Fisherman 04:11 * Sweet Mossom 02:28 * Corduroy 03:03 * Weaver's Daughter 02:22 * Plains of Mexico 02:05 * Farewell Sweet Lovely Nancy 01:40 * Take This Hammer 03:18 * Dalesman's Litany 03:50 * Billy Don't You Weep for Me 03:42 * Springfield Mountain 02:03 * The Green Fields of America 04:09 * Jack Orion 04:08 * Turkey Rhubarb 00:34 * Horn Fair 01:55 * Lovely On the Water 03:03 * Hail a Brighter Day 05:18 * Adam and Eve 00:39 * Scarborough Fair 02:35 * Turtle Dove 02:08 * Tommy 04:01 * Ye Mariners All 01:36 * Whiskey Is the Life of Man 03:33 * Maid On the Shore 04:15 * Juniper, Gentle and Rosemary 04:22 * Lemady 02:31 ;A Folk Song A Day 10: April 2011 * On One April Morning 02:56 * Rose In April 03:58 * There Once Was a Lover and He Loved a Lass 01:43 * Brave Wolfe 04:00 * The Banks of the Tees 02:29 * Gaol Song 03:04 * The Roman Centurion's Song 04:01 * Amsterdam 04:17 * Palaces of Gold 03:47 * Lord Bateman 03:08 * Payday 02:28 * John Blunt 01:57 * John Barleycorn 03:35 * Gentleman Soldier 02:54 * Copshawholme Fair 04:27 * Seven Yellow Gypsies 05:23 * A Week Before Easter 03:19 * Sister Josephine 03:51 * Bellman 03:44 * Maid In Bedlam 03:55 * Dust to Dust 03:46 * Recruited Collier 02:40 * I Am a Youth That's Inclined to Ramble 02:57 * Pace Egging 04:49 * Sheepshearing 02:04 * I Know My Love By His Way of Talking 02:39 * Geordie 03:34 * New York Mining Disaster 03:19 * Auld Triangle 04:17 * Reynardine 04:12 ;A Folk Song A Day 11: May 2011 * Hail, Hail the First of May 02:50 * Hal and Tow 02:45 * The Outlandish Knight 05:21 * The Verdant Braes of Skreen 03:00 * Bonny Bunch of Roses 04:44 * Broomfield Hill 04:04 * Death and the Lady 03:12 * Gathering Rushes 05:22 * Down the Moor 05:01 * As I Roved Out 03:41 * Searching for Lambs 03:56 * My Husband's Got No Courage In Him 01:54 * Sweet Nightingale 03:36 * The Gardener 03:07 * Oh What a Beautiful Morning 03:16 * Charming Molly 01:52 * P Stands for Paddy 03:31 * Gypsy Rover 04:23 * Lillibulero 03:17 * Big Rock Candy Mountain 03:08 * Roseville Fair 03:25 * House Carpenter 05:37 * Farewell to the Gold 03:48 * Little Sally Racket 02:02 * Rout of the Blues 02:11 * Banks of the Ohio 04:14 * Birds Upon the Trees 02:33 * Banks of Fordie 06:54 * Icarus 05:29 * Little Musgrave 10:15 * Claudy Banks 03:49 ;A Folk Song A Day 12: June 2011 * Just As The Tide Was Flowing 04:13 * Beggar Laddie 04:29 * Garden Hymn 02:29 * Streams Of Lovely Nancy 02:31 * Let Union Be In All Our Hearts 03:41 * After The Ball 00:43 * Innocent When You Dream 04:04 * Poverty Knock 04:04 * Abe Carman 03:33 * Lock Keeper 03:25 * Ghost Song 04:03 * Exile Song 01:07 * Wild Mountain Thyme 03:25 * Rag Fair 01:58 * Rose of Allendale 04:04 * Farmer's Boy 03:55 * Grand Conversation On Napoleon 04:44 * Plains Of Waterloo 03:29 * Roll Alabama 03:52 * Bold Archer 02:55 * Road Through The Woods 02:20 * Banks Of Sweet Primroses 03:05 * Fortune Turns The Wheel 04:12 * The Larks They Sang Melodious 04:16 * Farners Toast 03:58 * Young Roger Esquire 01:53 * One Night As I Lay 02:16 * Earl Richard 04:01 * White Cockade 03:15 * Rose In June 07:14 ==In popular culture== Jon Boden's A Folk Song A Day has inspired other spinoffs, most notably the Australian Folk Song A Day project featuring 367 folk renditions on a daily basis between 26 January 2011 and 26 January 2012 by John Thompson. Other similar projects include Fifty-Two Folk Songs and a A Liverpool Folk Song a Week == See also == * Music podcast ==References== ==External links== * Category:Audio podcasts Category:British music websites Category:Folk music publications Category:2010 podcast debuts Category:2011 podcast endings Category:Music podcasts Category:British podcasts
3178415	A Fistful of Datas	"A Fistful of Datas" is the 134th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the eighth episode of the sixth season, which premiered in the United States on November 9, 1992. Its title is a play on the title of the Sergio Leone "Spaghetti Western" film A Fistful of Dollars. Set in the 24th century, the series follows the adventures of the Starfleet crew of the Federation starship Enterprise-D. In this episode, Worf, his son Alexander Rozhenko, and Deanna Troi are trapped in the holodeck where the characters resemble Data and have his superior abilities. This episode features a scene with Data in drag, and has numerous comedy elements. It has been noted as a fun and comical episode, and praised for its use of the holodeck. ==Plot summary== The Enterprise has arrived 2 days early for a rendezvous with a supply ship, USS Biko, and the crew spend the extra time pursuing personal activities. Data and La Forge propose to Captain Picard to attempt to set up systems that would allow them to use Data's processing abilities to run critical systems in the case of main computer failure, and he allows them to proceed. Meanwhile, Worf reluctantly joins his son Alexander in a holodeck adventure set in the town of Deadwood, South Dakota, in the American Old West, later joined by Deanna Troi.STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: "A Fistful of Datas", #40276-234, Written by Brannon Braga and Directed by Patrick Stewart - FINAL DRAFT SEPTEMBER 17, 1992 The three play the role of lawmen in Deadwood, where Eli Hollander, the "Butcher of Bozeman", is wanted. Worf tries to use his Starfleet tactics to end the episode quickly, but Alexander insists that he play along with the scenario. They capture Eli, learning that his father Frank is a sly and powerful man. As Data and La Forge work on the interface, a brief energy surge occurs. The ship's systems react strangely, specifically around elements of Data's logs and records. Data also takes up stereotypical Wild West mannerisms and vernacular, unaware. In the holodeck, Frank, who appears exactly like Data, captures Alexander, demanding the release of his son Eli. Worf gets into a gun battle and is wounded, and he and Troi find that the holodeck safety protocols are off and they cannot end the program. They realize Alexander could be in trouble and the only assured way is to play out the story. Further, Troi observes that Eli now possesses skills comparable to Data's. As more of the holodeck characters take on Data's appearance, Worf works to create a personal shield as protection, knowing he would not be victorious against characters that all have Data's skills. Data and La Forge determine that the power surge causes segments of the main computer and Data's processes to swap memories, and they start a memory purge to restore both to normal operation. On the holodeck, Worf and Troi successfully defeat Frank and his gang, and recover Alexander. They believe the story is now over, but the holodeck does not yet respond. Only after Miss Annie, proprietress of the local tavern and also now looking like Data, thanks Worf for his bravery and throws herself into Worf's arms, does the story end, allowing the three to leave safely. Data and the ship's computer are restored to normal, and Worf promises to join Alexander on the holodeck for another adventure in Deadwood. As a final nod to the Western genre where heroes are often seen riding off into the sunset, the episode concludes with the Enterprise flying toward and seemingly into a star that is half obscured by a nearby planet. ==Reception== In 2016, SyFy ranked this the ninth best holodeck episode of the Star Trek franchise. In 2017, Popular Mechanics said that "A Fistful of Datas" was one of the top ten most fun episodes of Star Trek: The Next Generation, describing it as a holodeck story with an old American western setting, with fun Star Trek characters such as Cowboy Klingon and Counselor Troi as Durango. This episode was noted in 2017 for its humorous elements, western theme, and for Data's presentation as a woman of the old American west. In 2019, CBR rated "A Fistful of Datas" the 13th best 'holodeck' episode of the franchise. In 2007, it was listed among holodeck episodes by Io9, who noted that Data (Brent Spiner) appears as holographic versions of himself. In 2019, Screen Rant ranked "A Fistful of Datas" the tenth funniest episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation. In 2020, GameSpot recommended this episode for background on the character of Data. However, they also noted this episode as one of the most bizarre moments of series, when "Madam Data", a sort of hybrid between Brent Spiner's Data character and Saloon lady of the American West, greets Worf. In the Red Dwarf ABC's on their season 2 DVD Bonus set, Patrick Stewart (Picard) is talking about his first experience with Red Dwarf watching the Season 6 Episode 3 episode "Gunmen of the Apocalypse". He stated that he was outraged at first because it resembled "A Fistful of Datas", but as he watched it further, he saw some differences. == Releases == The episode was released as part of the Star Trek: The Next Generation season six DVD box set in the United States on December 3, 2002. A remastered HD version was released on Blu-ray optical disc, on June 24, 2014. ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:Star Trek: The Next Generation (season 6) episodes Category:Science fiction Westerns Category:1992 American television episodes Category:Television episodes written by Brannon Braga Category:Holography in television Category:Emmy Award-winning episodes Category:Television episodes directed by Patrick Stewart
31869212	A Golden Crown	"A Golden Crown" is the sixth episode of the first season of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones. The teleplay was written by Jane Espenson and series creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss from a story by Benioff and Weiss, and directed by Daniel Minahan, his directorial debut for the series. It first aired on May 22, 2011. The episode's plot depicts the deterioration of the political balance of the seven kingdoms, with Eddard Stark having to deal with the Lannister aggressions while King Robert is away on a hunt. At the Eyrie, Tyrion is put on trial, and across the Narrow Sea, Viserys Targaryen is determined to force Khal Drogo to make him king. The episode was well received by critics, who praised aspects of the King's Landing storyline and the culmination of Viserys's storyline. In the United States, the episode achieved a viewership of 2.4 million in its initial broadcast. ==Plot== ===In King's Landing=== Cersei accuses Ned of kidnapping Tyrion, and Robert tells Ned he cannot rule if the Lannisters and Starks are at war, appointing Ned regent while Robert leaves on a hunting trip. Arya continues her sword lessons with Syrio Forel, while her sister Sansa accepts an apology and a necklace from Prince Joffrey, unaware he has been forced by his mother. In Robert's absence, Ned learns that Ser Gregor "The Mountain" Clegane was seen attacking villages in the Riverlands. Realizing this is revenge for Tyrion's arrest, Eddard orders Lord Beric Dondarrion to arrest Gregor and summons his overlord Tywin Lannister to answer for Gregor's actions. Fearing war with the Lannisters, Ned orders Arya and Sansa return to Winterfell for their safety. Sansa declares her desire to have golden-haired babies with Joffrey, which leads Ned to revisit Arryn's research: Joffrey does not share the dark hair of Robert and his ancestors and bastards; Ned realizes that Joffrey is not truly Robert's son. ===In The Vale=== Tyrion convinces Lysa Arryn to convene a court, where he mockingly confesses to various misdeeds but not the attempt on Bran's life or Jon Arryn's murder. Tyrion demands a trial by combat, and the sellsword Bronn volunteers to fight for him. Bronn “dishonorably” defeats Lysa's champion, and Tyrion goes free with Bronn as his escort, to Lysa and Catelyn's dismay. ===At Winterfell=== Bran awakens from a recurring dream of a three-eyed raven, and tests his new saddle in the forest. He is rescued from wildlings by Robb and Theon, who take the only survivor, Osha, captive. ===In Vaes Dothrak=== Daenerys is left unscathed after taking one of her dragon eggs from the fire. She undergoes a ritual with the Dosh Khaleen, eating a stallion's raw heart and proclaiming her unborn son will be the Khal to unite the entire world as one khalasar, and names him Rhaego, for Drogo and her brother Rhaegar, killed by Robert Baratheon. Viserys, angry at his sister's growing popularity among the Dothraki, tries to steal Daenerys' dragon eggs to fund a new army, but is confronted by Jorah. A drunken Viserys threatens his sister at swordpoint, and Drogo agrees to give him the "golden crown" he desires; as his bloodriders restrain Viserys, Drogo pours molten gold on his head. Watching her brother burn to death while he begs for her to not let them kill him, Daenerys coldly remarks, "He was no dragon. Fire cannot kill a dragon." ==Production== ===Writing=== thumb|upright|Jane Espenson received a co-credit on the teleplay of the episode. The teleplay for "A Golden Crown" was written by Jane Espenson, David Benioff and D. B. Weiss from a story by Benioff and Weiss, based on A Game of Thrones by George R. R. Martin. The finished teleplay would be Espenson's only credited writing contribution to the series. The episode includes the book's chapters 38–41, 44-45 and 47 (Bran V, Tyrion V, Eddard X, Catelyn VII, Eddard XI, Sansa III, and Daenerys V). Chapter 42 (Jon V), dealing with Jon convincing Maester Aemon to allow Samwell to join the Watch as a steward, was removed from the series (although some of Ser Alliser's dialogue from the chapter was used), and chapter 43 (Tyrion VI) was moved to episode 8. ===Casting=== The episode introduces the recurring character of the wildling Osha. The writer of the original books, George R. R. Martin, admitted that this casting was different from his vision of the character. As he explains, he was surprised to see that actress Natalia Tena was being considered for the role since Osha had been conceived as a hard-bitten older woman and the actress was "too young and too hot". However, when he saw the audition tapes he was convinced with the new approach: "she was sensational, and I said, 'It's gotta be her. ===Staging and props=== The scene in which Daenerys has to eat a horse's heart was filmed in The Paint Hall studio in Belfast. There, the production built the Dothraki temple in which the scene is set – a large semicircular structure of wood and woven reeds, inspired by Marsh Arab constructions.Behind-the-scenes video from HBO in: The heart actress Emilia Clarke ate was, according to Weiss, "basically a giant, three-pound gummi bear covered in fake sugar blood – which has the added attraction of drawing real flies". Through repeated takes, Clarke had to eat much of the fake heart, which she said tasted like bleach and was made tough and gristly by the addition of valves made from "something like dried pasta". Clarke did not have to act in the shots at the end of the scene in which Daenerys almost throws up the last bit of heart, as she was already close to vomiting at that point. The book of lineages that helps Ned realize the truth about Joffrey's father was prepared by Bryan Cogman, who in addition to writing episode four ("Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things") also served as the show's "lore master" and authored the background content concerning the history of Westeros that is to be included in the first season's DVD and Blu-ray release. Cogman wrote two pages' worth of text detailing the lineage of four noble houses. The text concerning House Umber was shown in episode four, and the Baratheon text appears in episode six. Cogman also wrote text for the houses of Targaryen and Royce, but the corresponding scenes were removed from the final script for "Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things" but the Targaryen page was shown in "A Golden Crown". Cogman said that he drew on the novels and the fan-created website Wiki of Ice and Fire for reference, and invented what could not be sourced, including even some Internet fan message board names as in-jokes. ==Reception== ===Ratings=== For the first time since the premiere of the show the ratings decreased in relation to the previous weeks. The first airing brought 2.4 million viewers, compared to the 2.6 million gathered by the previous episode. With the second airing the differences shrank, bringing the total of the night to 3.2 million, one hundred thousand viewers below the previous week's 3.3. ===Critical response=== "A Golden Crown" received positive reviews from critics. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes surveyed 18 reviews of the episode and judged 100% of them to be positive with an average score of 8.92 out of 10. The website's critical consensus reads, "The character-focused "A Golden Crown" highlights Game of Throne's cast to exhilarating effect, with particularly entertaining comic relief courtesy of Peter Dinklage's Tyrion." Emily VanDerWerff from the A.V. Club gave it an A−, and Maureen Ryan from AOL TV rated it with a 70 out of 100. HitFix's Alan Sepinwall titled his review "The rules get upended in a terrific episode." Both Elio Garcia from Westeros.org and Jace Lacob from Televisionary considered it the best episode of the series so far. In the words of reviewer Jace Lacob, the episode "revolves around changes both great and small, about the way the scales can fall from our eyes and we can see the truth that has been standing in front of us for so long. For Eddard, it's a realization of just why Jon Arryn died, of the terrible secret he had gleaned from the book of royal lineages, and just what this could mean for the throne...and for the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros. For Dany, it's the brutal truth of her brother's real nature, of his insatiable thirst for power and the twisted quality of his rampant heart." The Dothraki scenes that culminate with the "crowning" of Viserys Targaryen was acclaimed by critics. Writing for Time, James Poniewozik highlighted an acting of "touching self-recognition by Harry Lloyd, who did an outstanding job humanizing a villain," and Maureen Ryan congratulated the actor for his "excellent job of showing the human side of this impetuous, cruel aristocrat" and "keeping Viserys just this side of sane in all his scenes." The acting of Emilia Clarke, closing her arc initiated in the first episode from a frightened girl to an empowered woman was also praised. VanDerWerff commented on the difficulty to adapt such an evolution from page to screen, but concluded that "Clarke and Lloyd more than seal the deal here." IGNs Matt Fowler also praised Clarke and noted that Daenerys's choice to watch Viserys die was "powerful" and an important shift in her character. Another aspect of the show that was widely discussed among commentators was the moral dilemma presented in the episode between a pragmatic approach to ruling or remaining true to the ideals of justice and honor, exemplified in the scene where Eddard summons Tywin Lannister to the court to answer for the crimes of his bannerman Gregor Clegane. Poniewozik states that Eddard "doesn't seem to consider that he has options: he is left to rule in the king's place, an injustice has been committed, the law requires one path to justice and he chooses it. This makes his decision easy, but it may make his life, and others', difficult." According to The Atlantic's Scott Meslow, "Ned's principles are, as always, admirable, and he's clearly interested in justice. But the sad truth is that the lack of guile that makes him honorable also makes him a pretty poor king. It's a terrible idea to order the arrest of the man who is single-handedly financing your kingdom." Myles McNutt, writing for Cultural Learnings, agreed with Meslow and concluded that "the only thing more dangerous than a reckless man asserting their power in Westeros is an honorable man doing the same, as it threatens the delicate framework which has propped up King Robert for so long." ===Accolades=== Year Award Category Nominee(s) Result 2011 Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards Outstanding Hairstyling for a Single-Camera Series Kevin Alexander and Candice Banks Outstanding Prosthetic Makeup for a Series, Miniseries, Movie or a Special Paul Engelen, Conor O'Sullivan, and Rob Trenton Outstanding Sound Editing for a Comedy or Drama Series (One-Hour) Robin Quinn, Steve Fanagan, Eoghan McDonnell, Jon Stevenson, Tim Hands, Stefan Henrix, Caoimhe Doyle, Michelle McCormack and Andy Kennedy 2012 ADG Excellence in Production Design Award One- Hour Single Camera Television Series Gemma Jackson == References == == External links == * "A Golden Crown" at HBO * Category:2011 American television episodes Category:Game of Thrones (season 1) episodes Category:Television episodes written by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss Category:Television episodes written by Jane Espenson Category:Trials by combat
32009821	A Beautiful Soul (film)	A Beautiful Soul is a 2012 drama film directed by American director Jeffrey W. Byrd. The film was released May 4, 2012 and stars Deitrick Haddon, Lesley-Ann Brandt, and Harry Lennix. ==Plot== R&B; superstar Andre Stephens (Deitrick Haddon) is on top of the world. He has success, fame, and fortune but spiritually he has lost his way. However, his "perfect" life is shattered when his entourage is brutally attacked, leaving Andre and his best friend Chris Johnson (Robert Ri'chard) clinging to life. On a spiritual journey that exists in a place that is neither on Earth nor in Heaven, Andre is given the opportunity to reevaluate his life and his faith. Andre realises he has a long way to go at church before being great. ==Cast== * Deitrick Haddon as Andre Stephens * Skylan Brooks as Young Andre Stephens * Robert Ri'chard as Chris Scott * Lesley-Ann Brandt as Angela Berry * Harry Lennix as Jeff Freeze * Barry Floyd as Terrance Wilson * Trevor Jackson as Quincy Smith * Monica Ramon ==Reception== Variety gave a mostly negative review for A Beautiful Soul, remarking that the "slackness of the storytelling has the effect of subjecting the low-budget pic’s supernatural elements to charm-killing scrutiny." ===Awards=== * 2013: Black Reel Award for Outstanding Television Film or Mini- Series ==See also== *List of black films of the 2010s ==References== == External links == * Category:African-American drama films Category:2012 drama films Category:2012 films Category:Films directed by Jeffrey W. Byrd Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
32016486	A Dramatic Turn of Events	A Dramatic Turn of Events is the eleventh studio album by American progressive metal band Dream Theater, released worldwide in September 2011 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first recording to feature drummer Mike Mangini, following the departure of founding member Mike Portnoy in September 2010. The album was written, recorded, mixed, and mastered between January and June 2011 at Cove City Sound Studios in Long Island, New York. It was produced by guitarist John Petrucci and mixed by Andy Wallace. Two singles, "On the Backs of Angels" and "Build Me Up, Break Me Down", were released in promotion of the album. For A Dramatic Turn of Events, Dream Theater underwent a self- proclaimed musical change, reevaluating and restructuring themselves. The album has drawn stylistic comparisons to two of the band's past albums, Images and Words (1992) and Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory (1999). Many songs on the album were written with a specific purpose in mind as Petrucci, one of the album's primary composers, felt a sense of responsibility to fans following Portnoy's departure. The album's title was derived from its recurring lyrical themes of dramatic changes in history that have affected people's lives, including contemporary uprisings such as the Libyan Civil War. A commercial success, A Dramatic Turn of Events moved 36,000 units in the United States during its debut week, charting at number eight on the US Billboard 200. The album received mixed reviews from critics, but nonetheless earned Dream Theater their first-ever Grammy nomination, for "On the Backs of Angels". Between July 2011 and September 2012, the band supported the album on the A Dramatic Turn of Events Tour. ==Background== ===Search for a new drummer=== On September 8, 2010, drummer Mike Portnoy announced that he would be leaving Dream Theater, citing better relationships in other projects, burnout, and his desire for a break as reasons. Elaborating on the situation for MusicRadar, guitarist John Petrucci revealed that, originally, Portnoy did not want to leave the band, and that he only wanted to take a five year long break. Only after the rest of the band rejected his proposal did Portnoy decide to officially quit. Petrucci has called Portnoy's departure one of the hardest things Dream Theater have had to face, and speaking of when he first heard the news, keyboardist Jordan Rudess recounted, "You know, just to give you an idea of how deep this was to lose him, how difficult it was... after we got off the phone with him... I literally sat on the steps of my studio and cried. This is a guy who's a friend of mine, who we all love and admire. We didn't want to see it come crashing down." A little more than a month after Portnoy's departure, Dream Theater began auditioning for a new drummer in New York City. The drummers invited to audition were Mike Mangini, Derek Roddy, Thomas Lang, Virgil Donati, Marco Minnemann, Aquiles Priester, and Peter Wildoer. In April 2011, the band announced that Mangini was the drummer selected via a three-part YouTube documentary series called The Spirit Carries On. Shortly after Mangini joined Dream Theater, Portnoy e-mailed the band asking to rejoin, but his attempt was rebuffed. Reflecting on his arrival to the band, Mangini told Noisecreep, "As I see it, as I look back, I really think what happened was that this band kind of started over. They were in a new place as they looked for a drummer, and when I got the news, after the shock wore off, I knew what I wanted to do – which was just basically come in and try to support where they wanted to go. They had a vision, they had great ideas, and I just wanted to help them achieve those things." ===Writing and recording=== On January 3, 2011, Dream Theater entered Cove City Sound Studios to begin working on a new album. Although John Petrucci brought in demos, riffs, and songs from home, the album was mostly written in the studio. Writing was completed on March 2 and done without Mike Mangini. The band made demos for all the songs with drums already programmed, then sent them to Mangini who learned the parts and "added his own stuff." Reflecting on the writing process for Rock Your Life, Jordan Rudess explained that the band's approach was more open to his keyboards than in the past, and that after Mike Portnoy's departure, he and Petrucci "became, like, free." Vocalist James LaBrie and bassist John Myung each contributed more to the writing than they had in recent years. On April 14, LaBrie began tracking vocals, and by June 28, the album's mixing and mastering, which were handled by Andy Wallace, were finished. All of LaBrie's vocals were recorded in Canada with engineer Richard Chycki; originally, LaBrie planned to only record the album's first two songs away from New York City, but after flying there to finish the remainder of the vocals, decided to go back to Canada because "it just didn't feel right." ==Composition== Jordan Rudess has said that for A Dramatic Turn of Events, Dream Theater underwent a musical change, re-evaluating and restructuring "who we are and what we do." Speaking in an interview for Der Spiegel and Roadrunner Germany, John Petrucci mentioned that the album "tells a story... not literally but emotionally" and likened the experience to a "roller coaster ride." In that same interview, James LaBrie emphasized that the album was melodically driven. In his review of A Dramatic Turn of Events, Rich Wilsonauthor of the official Dream Theater biography Lifting Shadowsdescribed the album's material as veering toward progressive rock and being "spiritually reminiscent" of past albums such as Images and Words (1992) and Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory (1999). In a post on his forum, Mike Portnoy took these comparisons a step further, suggesting that the new songs were "desperate attempts to re-write the past". In composing A Dramatic Turn of Events, Petrucci admitted to feeling a sense of responsibility to fans following Portnoy's departure. He also explained that the majority of the songs on the album were written in order to prove that everything was grounded and intact with the band. Opener "On the Backs of Angels" was designed to reflect Dream Theater's signature sound, the heavy "Build Me Up, Break Me Down" was written far into the making of the album to serve as a contrast to its progressive elements, "Outcry" was intended to be the anthem of the album, and "Breaking All Illusions" was used as an epic piece that would not bind the band to conventional songwriting arrangements. The final song written for the album was the ballad "Beneath the Surface", which is also its closing track. Petrucci wrote the song himself, demoed and recorded it, and then presented it to the band, who were open to including it on the album. Amidst speculation that A Dramatic Turn of Events' title was a vague reference to Portnoy's departure, Petrucci stressed that it is in no way a reference to anyone; rather, the title references the album's recurring themes of dramatic changes in history that have affected peoples' lives. All of the album's lyrics were written by Petrucci except for "Far from Heaven", which were written by LaBrie, and "Breaking All Illusions", which were co-written with John Myung. ==Release== A Dramatic Turn of Events' title, track listing, and United States release date were revealed on June 8, 2011. The album's cover art, which was designed by the band's longtime collaborator Hugh Syme, was revealed the following month. On June 29, "On the Backs of Angels" was released on YouTube as the album's first single. Leading up to the release of the album, Dream Theater teased various one-minute long snippets of new songs, including "Breaking All Illusions", "Beneath the Surface", and "This Is the Life". On September 14, a music video for "On the Backs of Angels" was released. On January 26, 2012, the band premiered a lyric video for their upcoming single, "Build Me Up, Break Me Down", on Loudwire. A Dramatic Turn of Events was released worldwide on September 12, 2011 and in the United States on September 13, debuting at number one in some countries and attaining the eighth position on the US Billboard 200, Dream Theater's second top ten debut position on that chart after their previous album, 2009's Black Clouds & Silver Linings, which debuted at number six. Alongside the standard edition of the album, a special edition and deluxe collector's edition were also made available for purchase. The special edition featured different packaging and a bonus DVD containing The Spirit Carries On documentary, while the deluxe collector's edition featured, among other bonus items, instrumental versions of all songs. ==Critical reception== Upon release, A Dramatic Turn of Events received mixed reviews from music publications. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album holds an average score of 55, based on six reviews. Rich Wilson called it "fresh and frankly stunning"; however, he warned that the album was not immediately gratifying and that it required several listens to fully appreciate. Critics were generally complimentary of Mike Mangini's performance, with Drumhead elaborating, "[he] demonstrates the physical prowess and agility of a racehorse, stretching to play at the top of his talents and reining himself in to allow his bandmates to do the same." In a negative review for PopMatters, Chris Conaton expressed disappointment in the album's predictability, noting, "At this point it’s pretty clear that the band is comfortably ensconced in their lifestyle and content to just keep doing things the way they have been for years." In a lukewarm review for AllMusic, Thom Jurek observed, "there is something here for virtually every fan -- or detractor -- to grab hold of." Sputnikmusic criticized Mangini's drum parts, describing them as "bland", as well as the decision to include three ballads, but ultimately gave the album an overall positive review. In their year-end wrap up for 2011, Burrn! awarded A Dramatic Turn of Events for Best Album and Best Front Cover, while John Petrucci and Jordan Rudess won Best Guitarist and Best Keyboardist, respectively. At the 2012 Grammy Awards, "On the Backs of Angels" was nominated for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance, representing Dream Theater's first-ever Grammy nomination. ===Supporting tour=== The A Dramatic Turn of Events Tour kicked off on July 4, 2011 in Rome, Italy. The second leg of the tour took place in North America, where Dream Theater headlined with Trivium. After a short break to conclude 2011, Dream Theater returned to Europe in 2012 with Periphery, then to North America with Crimson Projekct before heading to South America for the final leg of the tour. On August 19 and 20, Dream Theater filmed and recorded two shows at Luna Park in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The performances were released as part of a live album, entitled Live at Luna Park, on November 5, 2013. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== All credits taken from the A Dramatic Turn of Events liner notes. Dream Theater *James LaBrie – lead vocals *John Petrucci – guitar, backing vocals *John Myung – bass, Moog Taurus pedals *Jordan Rudess – keyboard, continuum, Morphwiz iPad app *Mike Mangini – drums, percussion Production *John Petrucci – producer *Paul Northfield – engineering, spoken words in "Breaking All Illusions" *Joe Maniscalco – engineering assistance *Richard Chycki – vocal track engineering *Andy Wallace – mixing *Paul Suarez – Pro Tools technician *Hugh Syme – cover art *Ted Jensen – mastering ==Charts== Chart (2011) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA Charts) 17 Canadian Albums (Billboard) 9 Dutch Albums (Album Top 100) 2 Finnish Albums Chart (Suomen virallinen lista) 1 German Albums (Offizielle Top 100) 3 Hungarian Albums (MAHASZ) 6 Italian Albums (FIMI) 3 Japanese Albums Chart (Oricon) 8 Mexican Albums (Top 100 Mexico) 22 Polish Albums (ZPAV) 7 Portuguese Albums (AFP) 9 UK Albums (OCC) 17 UK Rock (OCC) 1 US Billboard 200 8 US Tastemaker Albums (Billboard) 1 ==References== Category:Dream Theater albums Category:2011 albums Category:Roadrunner Records albums
32101003	A Face in the Crowd (Michael Martin Murphey and Holly Dunn song)	"A Face in the Crowd" is a song written by Karen Staley and Gary Harrison, and recorded by American country music artists Michael Martin Murphey and Holly Dunn. It was released in January 1987 as the first single from Murphey's album Americana. The song reached number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and number 7 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. ==Chart performance== Chart (1987) Peak position Canadian RPM Country Tracks 7 ==References== Category:1987 singles Category:1987 songs Category:Michael Martin Murphey songs Category:Holly Dunn songs Category:Warner Records singles Category:Songs written by Gary Harrison Category:Songs written by Karen Staley
32151667	A Gnome There Was	A Gnome There Was is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by American writers Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore, published under their Lewis Padgett pseudonym by Simon & Schuster in 1950. No other editions were issued. ==Contents== * "A Gnome There Was" (Unknown 1941) * "What You Need" (Astounding 1945) * "The Twonky" (Astounding 1942) * "The Cure" (Astounding 1946) * "Exit the Professor" (Thrilling Wonder Stories 1947) * "See You Later" (Thrilling Wonder Stories 1949) * "Mimsy Were the Borogoves" (Astounding 1943) * "Jesting Pilot" (Astounding 1947) * "This Is the House" (Astounding 1946) * "Rain Check" (Astounding 1946) * "Compliments of the Author" (Unknown 1942) "A Gnome There Was" and "Compliments of the Author" originally appeared under Kuttner's byline. "This Is the House" was originally credited to "Lawrence O'Donnell," another Kuttner/Moore pseudonym.Index to Science Fiction Anthologies and Collections The two stories originally credited to Kuttner are fantasies; the other stories are science fiction.E. F. Bleiler, The Guide to Supernatural Fiction, Kent State University Press, 1983, p.395 ==Reception== Fletcher Pratt, writing in The New York Times, praised the collection as "Padgett at his best and most characteristic," saying that "the lightness of the method is in curious contrast to the thoughtfulness of the result.""Realm of the Spacement", The New York Times, December 17, 1950 P. Schuyler Miller reviewed the collection favorably, describing it as "one of the best one-man- shows available" and praising "Mimsy Were the Borogoves" as a "masterpiece.""Book Reviews", Astounding Science Fiction, June 1951, p.132-33 ==References== Category:Science fiction anthologies Category:1950 short story collections
3217028	A Complicated Kindness	A Complicated Kindness (2004) is the third novel by Canadian author Miriam Toews. The novel won the Governor General's Award for English Fiction, the CBA Libris Fiction Award, and CBC's Canada Reads. ==Plot== The novel is set in a small religious Mennonite town called East Village, a fictionalized version of Toews' hometown of Steinbach, Manitoba. The narrator is Nomi Nickel, a curious, defiant, sardonic 16-year-old who dreams of hanging out with Lou Reed in the "real" East Village of New York City. She lives alone with her doleful father, Ray Nickel, who is a dutiful member of the Mennonite church. Nomi, on the other hand, is inquisitive by nature and her compulsive questioning brings her into conflict with the town's various authorities, most notably Hans Rosenfeldt, the sanctimonious church pastor. As the story unfolds, it is revealed that Nomi's irreverent older sister Tash left town three years earlier with her boyfriend, Ian, and that Nomi's mother, Trudie, also left, though under more mysterious circumstances. Nomi is fiercely loyal to her father, and she comes to decide that she must stay in East Village for his sake. Nomi senses that when she graduates from high school, all she'll be expected to do is work at the chicken processing plant and marry a boy from the community and become "good." She develops a relationship with Travis, who in the end is not the person he appears to be. She visits her good friend Lydia in the hospital, where she gets into confrontations with hospital staff. At school, she is met with obfuscation and anger by Mr. Quiring and other teachers and administrators. When Nomi lashes out in action or outrage, she is ignored or negated. Nomi's tragedy is the slow realization that not only will she fail to bring her family together, but she will also have to change her nature to find a place in the town she loves. In the end, her father Ray makes a heroic sacrifice so that she can be free. ==Major characters== *Nomi Nickel – The sixteen-year-old protagonist. She lives in a Mennonite community. She is full of curiosity and her sister calls her "Swivelhead," but her eagerness to understand is interpreted as defiance or criticism or deliberate subversion. *Raymond "Ray" Nickel – Nomi's quiet, reserved father. He survives the unforgiving conformism of East Village by toeing the line and trying to be a perfect citizen. He is bewildered by his less obedient wife and daughters, but very much devoted to them. Inevitably, he is caught between the "laws" of the town and his love for his family. *Natasha "Tash" Dawn Nickel – Nomi's older sister. She rejects the East Village community and its values. She isn't bothered by anybody's disapproval. She and her boyfriend, Ian, leave town in his Econoline van, happily headed for California. *Gertrude "Trudie" Dora Nickel – Nomi's mother and Pastor Rosenfeldt's sister. She is overwhelmed by the pressure to be a model wife and citizen; her attempts to confront the 'system' only heighten her sense of entrapment. She leaves the town shortly after Natasha. *Travis – Nomi's erstwhile boyfriend. He postures as a broad- minded Bohemian, but he proves himself to be another conventional townsman. Nomi has her first sexual experience with him. *Hans "The Mouth" Rosenfeldt – Nomi's uncle, her mother's older brother. As the church pastor, he is a powerful, controlling presence in the community. *Lydia "Lids" Voth – Nomi's good friend, from a more conservative Mennonite family. Nomi loves her because, unlike so many others in the community, she does not judge others. She is afflicted by a mysterious ailment that nobody can diagnose or treat effectively. She is eventually moved to a mental hospital. ==Awards== * 2004 Governor General's Award * 2004 Giller Prize Finalist * 2004 McNally Robinson Book of the Year Award * 2004 The Margaret Laurence Award for Fiction * 2005 Canadian Booksellers Association Libris Award for Fiction Book of the Year * 2005 Canadian Library Association Young Adult Canadian Book Award * 2005 Booktrust UK YoungMinds Book Award * 2006 International Dublin Literary Award (longlist) * 2006 Winner CBC Canada Reads ==References== ==Further reading== * Omhovère, Claire (Autumn 2010). "Beyond horizon: Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness and the Prairie novel tradition." Commonwealth, (33:1) 67-79, 124. * Soper, Ella (January 2011). "'Hello, abattoir!': becoming through slaughter in Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness." Studies in Canadian Literature (36:1), 86–99. * Steffler, Margaret (2009). "Fragments and Absences: Language and Loss in Miriam Toews's A Complicated Kindness." Journal of Canadian Studies (43:3), 124–145. * Wiebe, Christoph, "Vom Scheitern eines 500jährigen Experiments. Miriam Toews' Roman Ein komplizierter Akt der Liebe", in: Mennonitische Geschichtsblätter, herausgegeben vom Mennonitischen Geschichtsverein, Jg. 63, Bolanden 2006, S. 153–172. ==External links== * Lecture on A Complicated Kindness by Professor Nick Mount, Department of English, University of Toronto (February 8, 2013) Category:Governor General's Award-winning fiction books Category:2004 Canadian novels Category:Novels by Miriam Toews Category:Novels set in Manitoba Category:Knopf Canada books
32222497	A Ergo	The A Ergo is a stand in stacker forklift truck pioneered by the Swedish truck manufacturing company Atlet AB. When Atlet was founded in 1958, the truck market consisted of many types of trucks including the reach trucks. In 1961, to improve handling efficiency and safety, Atlet AB launched the stand-in stacker as the “impossible truck” the A Ergo, an alternative to the pedestrian stackers and reach trucks already in the market. It handles open load carriers with standard straddle legs, and closed load carriers in between wide straddle legs. High drive speed and lift/lowering speed add to a high throughput and productivity – as does the ergonomic design. And for even higher residual capacity it offers foldable side stabilizers. Atlet's smart modular concept makes it possible to customize each truck for your specific needs. For multi- shift applications, the battery is placed on rollers, for quick, easy changes. Other features: *Atlet Modular Concept design for highest First Visit Fix Rate. *AC motor for reduced maintenance plus maximum acceleration and drive speed. *Atlet Stability Support System S3. *Go-faster Stripes ==External links== *Atlet Ergo AjN/ASN Category:Engineering vehicles
3222554	A Fever You Can't Sweat Out	A Fever You Can't Sweat Out is the debut studio album by American pop rock band Panic! at the Disco. Produced by Matt Squire, the album was released on September 27, 2005, through Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen. The group formed in Las Vegas in 2004 and began posting demos online, which caught the attention of Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Wentz. Wentz signed the group to his own imprint label, Decaydance, without them having ever performed live. It is the only album released during original bassist Brent Wilson's time in the band, but the exact nature of his involvement in the writing and recording process became a source of contention upon his dismissal from the group in mid-2006. The album was recorded on a small budget at SOMD! Studios in College Park, Maryland over several weeks in June 2005. The group had only graduated from high school one month before. With lyrics written by lead guitarist and backing vocalist Ryan Ross, the album is divided into halves stylistically; the first half is primarily pop-punk with elements of electronic music, while the second half employs more traditional instrumentation, with influences of baroque pop. Upon its release, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out became a commercial success. Its second single, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies", peaked at No. 7 on the Billboard Hot 100, helping to bolster the album’s sales to 1.8 million in the US by 2011, thus making it the group's best-selling release. Despite its sales, the album polarized music critics, with many praising the album's catchiness and others criticizing its perceived lack of creativity. The band promoted the record with stints on the Nintendo Fusion Tour before its first headlining tour, the Nothing Rhymes with Circus Tour. In late 2015, it received an RIAA double platinum certification for 2 million US shipments. It then received a quadruple platinum certification in June 2023. ==Background== The band was formed in 2004, at this time named Pet Salamander, in the suburban area of Summerlin, Las Vegas, by childhood friends Ryan Ross on guitar and Spencer Smith on drums. Both teens attended Bishop Gorman High School and they began playing music together in ninth grade. They invited their friend Brent Wilson from nearby Palo Verde High School to join on bass guitar, and Wilson invited his classmate Brendon Urie to try out on guitar. They soon began rehearsing in Smith's grandmother's living room. Urie grew up in a Mormon family in Las Vegas and early on skipped rehearsals to go to church. Ross initially was the lead vocalist for the group, but on hearing Urie singing backing vocals during an early rehearsal, they unanimously decided to move him to lead. They initially worked purely as a Blink-182 cover band. The monotonous nature of local Las Vegas bands influenced them to be different and creative, and they soon began recording experimental demos. Ross and Urie soon began to record on their laptops the demos they had been developing and posted three early demos ("Time to Dance", "Nails for Breakfast, Tacks for Snacks" and "Camisado") on PureVolume. On a whim, they sent a link to Fall Out Boy bassist Pete Wentz via a LiveJournal account, and around this time they had changed the name of the band to Panic at the Disco. Wentz, who was in Los Angeles at the time with the rest of Fall Out Boy working on their first major-label album, From Under the Cork Tree, drove to Las Vegas to meet the band. On hearing "two to three" songs during band practice, Wentz was impressed and immediately wanted the band to sign to his Fueled by Ramen imprint label Decaydance Records, which made them the first on the new label, which the group did around December 2004. Around this time they had put an exclamation point at the end of Panic as a joke, and as they said in an interview years later, it stuck with them and became the official name of the band. At the time of their signing, all of the band members were still in high school, with the exception of Ross, who was forced to leave the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. ==Recording and production== After completing high school, the group members boarded a van and drove from Las Vegas to College Park, Maryland to record the album. Fueled by Ramen wanted the band to go into the studio earlier in the year, but Ross was attending college at UNLV and the others were still in high school. Urie graduated in May 2005 and the band pushed recording back to June; Smith and Wilson completed school online during production. They picked producer Matt Squire based on his production on several independent albums the group liked. The label had hoped they would pick Mike Green, who had worked with Paramore on All We Know Is Falling. "I think Crush Management and Fueled by Ramen were like, 'Who is this dude?'" said Squire. A Fever You Can't Sweat Out was created in only "three and a half weeks"—including mixing and mastering—on a budget of $11,000. The group entered the studio with half of the songs completed; the others were crafted in pre-production. Recording was stressful. "We were in the studio for 14 hours a day for five weeks; we might have started losing our minds a little bit," Ross recalled humorously in a 2006 interview. The band lived in a one- bedroom basement studio apartment during the production, with all sleeping in bunk beds. "Everyone got on everybody's nerves," said Ross. "Someone would write a new part for a song and someone else would say they didn't like it just because you ate their cereal that morning." Urie's voice was blown after tracking the album. Squire remembered that most of the album's choruses and high harmonies were recorded in one session. By the end of production, the band hadn't had a day off and were exhausted. After its completion, "We had two weeks to come home and learn how to be a band," Ross said. In the fallout of Wilson's firing from the band in May 2006 due to "lack of responsibility" and "not progressing musically with the band", the remaining members also alleged that Wilson did not participate in the writing and recording of the album, with Urie and Ross writing bass parts that were simplified so that Wilson could play them live, and Urie recording them in the studio. Wilson denied their statement, insisting that he was present in the studio every day, participating in writing, and teaching Urie how to play certain parts. He also sued the band for 25% of royalties from the album's sales, as stipulated in the original contract. ==Composition== The band's debut studio album, A Fever You Can't Sweat Out has been described as pop-punk, emo, alternative rock, emo pop, baroque pop, electronica, dance-punk, and doo-wop. The album is split in two stylistically, with the first half of the record being primarily pop-punk, while additionally using electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines. The second half is more baroque pop-influenced, employing traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ. They are separated by an intermission as a link between the two halves, beginning with techno-style dance beats before switching to a piano interlude. Squire recalled that the band had an "identity crisis" upon writing new songs. The more dance-infused tracks were crafted during the group's time in Vegas, but the band members found themselves writing more straightforward rock tracks when they entered the studio. The band did not want to include the rock songs, but Squire got them to agree to it one day over lunch. "I took them out to lunch and said, "Why don’t we tell the story of that creative evolution as the theme of the album?'", he later recalled. The ambitious quality of the album's content was representative of the band's desire to "do whatever we wanted," according to Urie. Urie specifically cited the Beatles, Queen, the Smiths, Name Taken, and the Keane song "Everybody's Changing" as influences on the album. He remarked, "We took all of those biggest influences, listening to them from our parents and mashed them together." The album's writing is strongly influenced by Chuck Palahniuk's work. The song title "The Only Difference Between Martyrdom and Suicide Is Press Coverage" is a quote from his book Survivor. "Time to Dance" tells the story of Invisible Monsters, and includes quotes such as "Give me envy, give me malice, give me your attention". Other references and quotes can be found throughout the album, such as "Just for the record, the weather today is..." (Diary). Wentz served as an advisor to the group on lyrical content: "he was always there to help out with a line here, a line there," said Urie. The group noticed that bands in the pop-punk scene, such as Fall Out Boy and Name Taken, were using long song titles. The band decided to take this a step further, creating increasingly long titles partially as an inside joke. The song "I Constantly Thank God for Esteban" was a reference to an infomercial for Esteban Guitars the group found humorous. ==Commercial performance== Sales of the album began relatively slow. It debuted at No. 112 on the Billboard 200 album chart and later peaked at number 13, spending 88 weeks on the chart in total. The album has sold over two million copies in the United States, receiving a double platinum certification from the RIAA, before receiving a quadruple platinum certification in June 2023. ==Reception== A Fever You Can't Sweat Out divided music critics at the time of its release. Billboard, ten years after its release, deemed it "one of the most polarizing albums of our time". Cory D. Byrom of Pitchfork was perhaps the most negative, criticizing the state of contemporary emo and bemoaning the album's apparent lack of "sincerity, creativity, or originality". Johnny Loftus of AllMusic was similarly negative, writing, "This is a band in love with making a record — making a statement — but there's nothing unique inside, neither in their formula nor the vaunted and sticky production." Lauren Gitlin of Rolling Stone complimented the album's sound, commenting, "What makes Panic different (and excellent) is their use of dance-floor synths and roboto drums, which redeems the album's whininess." Kerrang! was positive, awarding the record four out of five stars. Rolling Stone also gave a positive review, with three and a half stars out of five. Webzines like Gigwise and Sputnikmusic also gave positive reviews. The hit single "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" received massive airplay and Panic! at the Disco won "Video of the Year" on the annual MTV Video Music Awards in 2006, beating fellow nominees Madonna, Christina Aguilera, Shakira and Red Hot Chili Peppers. In September 2011, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies" won MTV's Best Music Video of the 2000sPoll: Best Video Of The 2000s . MTV. Retrieved June 14, 2015. ===Accolades=== Rolling Stone listed it among the "40 Greatest Emo Albums of All Time" in 2016, with James Montgomery dubbing it a "genre-defying blueprint" and commenting "it's difficult to argue that it's not a snapshot of where "emo" was at in 2005, right down to the sentence-long song titles." Year Publication Country Rank List 2012 Rock Sound United Kingdom 16 101 Modern Classics 2016 Kerrang! 16 The 50 Best Rock Albums of the 2000s Rolling Stone United States 39 40 Greatest Emo Albums of All Time ==Deluxe edition re-issue== On November 14, 2006, the album was re-released in a "deluxe" edition (Limited Edition Collectible Deluxe Box), packaged in a cigar box-shaped box set. The box set was limited to 25,000 copies. It included the original album on CD, a live concert titled Live in Denver on DVD, tarot cards for each song with lyrics printed on individual cards, 2006 tour program, poster of the band, live photo shots, a phenakistoscope, circus- styled mask, fake newspaper article and a blank notebook. The Live in Denver DVD was filmed in Denver on July 22, 2006. ==Track listing== ===Original release=== ===Japanese edition=== ==Personnel== Credits for A Fever You Can't Sweat Out, adapted from AllMusic. Panic! at the Disco * Brendon Urie – lead vocals, rhythm guitar, bass guitar, keyboards, piano, synthesizers * Ryan Ross – lead guitar, backing vocals, synthesizers, programming, organ, accordion, creative direction * Spencer Smith – drums, percussion * Brent Wilson – bass guitar [credit only] Additional musicians * Heather Stebbins – cello, double bass * William Brousserd – trumpet * Samantha Bynes – violin Production * Alan Ferguson – photography * UE Nastasi – mastering * Panic! at the Disco – additional production * Matt Squire – production, engineer, mixing, audio production ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2006) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2006) Position Australian Albums (ARIA) 39 UK Albums (OCC) 88 US Billboard 200 32 US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 4 ==Certifications== ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * A Fever You Can't Sweat Out at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed) * Category:2005 debut albums Category:Panic! at the Disco albums Category:Fueled by Ramen albums Category:Albums produced by Matt Squire
32226335	A Bailar (Banghra album)	A bailar! is the second album of Spanish group Banghra after the success of their debut album La danza del vientre. Two singles were released from the album: "Una especie en extincion" and "Unidos". ==Track listing== # Una Especie En Extincion (3:51) # Unidos (3:14) # Babylon (3:55) # Bore-Nâ (3:00) # City Light (3:21) # Give It Away (4:36) # Mi camino negro (3:20) # No Time (3:50) # Sin ti (3:44) # Quedate aqui (3:17) # 13th Street (3:20) # Una Especie En Extincion (Radio Edit) # Unidos (Radio Edit) # City Light (Radio Edit) # Mi Camino Negro (Radio Edit) ==Charts== It was released on Vale Music in July 2008 and reached #54 in August 2008. Year Chart pos. Certification SpanishCharts.com ...a bailar! page 2008 54 ==References== Category:2008 albums Category:Spanish-language albums Category:Banghra albums Category:Vale Music albums
32472942	A Book of Luminous Things	A Book of Luminous Things is the fifth studio album by the Polish jazz singer Aga Zaryan. It was released on June 14, 2011 by EMI Music Poland and Blue Note Records. The album contains twelve compositions to the poems of Czesław Miłosz and his favourite poets: Anna Świrszczyńska, Jane Hirshfield and Denise Levertov. In October, 2011 EMI Music Poland published another version of the album, called Księga olśnień (which is the Polish translation of A Book of Luminous Things) with the same songs being performed in Polish. Apart from the language, the only difference between the two versions is in the song This Only (Polish: To jedno), which in the English version is performed by Aga Zaryan as sole vocalist, while in the Polish version she was joined by Grzegorz Turnau. Recorded at Castle Oaks Studios in Calabasas, California in spring 2011. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Aga Zaryan – vocals *Michał Tokaj – piano *Larry Koonse – guitar *Darek Oleszkiewicz – double bass *Munyungo Jackson – percussion ==Certifications== ==References== ==External links== * Aga Zaryan sings Miłosz Category:Aga Zaryan albums Category:2011 albums
32497421	A Dance to the Music of Time (painting)	A Dance to the Music of Time is a painting by Nicolas Poussin in the Wallace Collection in London. It was painted between and 1636 as a commission for Giulio Rospigliosi (later Pope Clement IX), who according to Gian Pietro Bellori dictated its detailed iconography. The identity of the figures remains uncertain, with differing accounts.Wallace. The date is purely based on style, and Ingamells, 310 thought "1639-40 or perhaps slightly earlier". The painting is well known for giving its name to the A Dance to the Music of Time novel cycle, though this title is first seen in a Wallace Collection catalogue of 1913. Before that it was given titles referring to the Four Seasons. In the 1845 sale it was called La Danse des Saisons, ou l'Image de la vie humaine.Ingamells, 311 The Bibliothèque nationale de France lists it with three different French titles. ==Description== There are four figures, holding each other by the hand, dance in a circle, as Time plays a lyre on the right. The scene is set in the early morning, with Aurora, goddess of dawn, preceding the chariot of Apollo the sun-god in the sky behind; the Hours accompany him and he holds a ring representing the Zodiac. According to Bellori, the subject was devised by Rospigliosi. The four dancers represented, beginning with the one at the back seen mostly from behind: Poverty, Labour, Riches, and Pleasure or Luxury. These represent a progression in human life, completed by Pleasure or Luxury leading to Poverty again. As the Four Seasons Poverty would be Autumn, Labour Winter, and so on. The suggestion of Anthony Blunt that, unusually for a group of the seasons, Autumn/Poverty at the rear of the group was male is now generally accepted, and the museum now describe him as Bacchus. This follows the story invented by Boitet de Frauville in his Les Dionysiaques that, responding to complaints from the Seasons and Time, Jupiter gave the world Bacchus and his wine in order to compensate for the miserable living conditions mortals must endure.Ingamells, 309-310; Wallace André Félibien, the friend and biographer of Poussin, explained the picture in the same terms, except that where Bellori identified Summer with Luxury, Félibien said that it represented Pleasure.Ingamells, 309-310 These identifications are disputed by Malcolm Bull, at least as the original intention. He traces the iconography of the painting to the Late Greek poet Nonnus, reflected in the Hymne de l'Automme of Pierre de Ronsard. Nonnus' descriptions of the four seasons, as translated into French, are closely followed by Poussin: "on the left is Spring, with a garland of roses in her hair; at the back is Autumn, whose hair has been cropped by the winds but whose brow is wreathed with olive branches; Winter is next, with her bound hair and shadowed face, and at the front is Summer, dressed in white with ears of corn in the braids of her hair."Bull, 258 Bacchus himself appears, in his double aspect as a young and old figure, in the herma at left.Bull, 258-259 Bull suggests that Rospigliosi, an intellectual and author with a taste for allegory, invented the other interpretation "during or after its completion",Bull, 260 while Ingamells feels that "Poussin was not unduly concerned with the precise identification of the figures".Ingamells, 310 There are several pentimenti, including the removal of a second, larger, tree on the right between Winter/Labour and Time. The painting is in generally good condition, but has been retouched in places, including over the repair of a large L-shaped tear running right through the central group.Ingamells, 307-309 ==Anthony Powell== At the start of Anthony Powell's series of novels named after the painting, the narrator, Nicolas Jenkins, reflects on it in the first two pages of A Question of Upbringing: > These classical projections, and something from the fire, suddenly suggested > Poussin's scene in which the Seasons, hand in hand and facing outward, tread > in rhythm to the notes of the lyre that the winged and naked greybeard > plays. The image of Time brought thoughts of mortality: of human beings, > facing outward like the Seasons, moving hand in hand in intricate measure, > stepping slowly, methodically sometimes a trifle awkwardly, in evolutions > that take recognisable shape: or breaking into seemingly meaningless > gyrations, while partners disappear only to reappear again, once more giving > pattern to the spectacle: unable to control the melody, unable, perhaps, to > control the steps of the dance. ==Provenance== It passed from the Rospigliosi family to the Joseph Fesch collection in 1806, when it was taken to France for a period. It was then bought, along with several other paintings, by Richard Seymour-Conway, 4th Marquess of Hertford, in the great Fesch sale in Rome in 1845. It then passed to his son, Sir Richard Wallace. It was exhibited in the Art Treasures Exhibition, Manchester 1857.Ingamells, 311 ==See also== * List of paintings by Nicolas Poussin ==Notes== ==References== *Bull, Malcolm, The Mirror of the Gods, How Renaissance Artists Rediscovered the Pagan Gods, Oxford UP, 2005, *Ingamells, John, The Wallace Collection, Catalogue of Pictures, Vol III, French before 1815, London: Wallace Collection (1989) (online via museum - PDFs under "Images" tab) * "Wallace": Wallace Live - catalogue entry ==Further reading== * Beresford, Richard, A Dance to the Music of Time. London: Wallace Collection (1995) Category:1636 paintings Category:Paintings in the Wallace Collection Category:Mythological paintings by Nicolas Poussin Category:Paintings depicting Greek myths Category:Dance in art Category:Horses in art Category:Musical instruments in art Category:Paintings of children
32578566	A Garland of Red	A Garland of Red is the debut album by pianist Red Garland, recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.Red Garland discography accessed September 4, 2012 ==Reception== In his review for AllMusic, Scott Yanow stated: "Thirty- three at the time of this, his first recording as a leader, pianist Red Garland already had his distinctive style fully formed and had been with the Miles Davis Quintet for a year... Red Garland recorded frequently during the 1956-62 period and virtually all of his trio recordings are consistently enjoyable, this one being no exception."Yanow, S. Allmusic Review accessed September 4, 2012 ==Track listing== # "A Foggy Day" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 4:51 # "My Romance" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) - 6:51 # "What Is This Thing Called Love?" (Cole Porter) - 4:53 # "Makin' Whoopee" (Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn) - 4:15 # "September in the Rain" (Al Dubin, Harry Warren) - 4:48 # "Little Girl Blue" (Hart, Rodgers) - 5:07 # "Constellation" (Charlie Parker) - 3:31 # "Blue Red" (Red Garland) - 7:38 ==Personnel== *Red Garland - piano *Paul Chambers - bass *Art Taylor - drums ===Production=== *Liner Notes by Ira Gitler *Supervision by Bob Weinstock *Recorded by Rudy Van Gelder *Cover and Photo by Hannan, Edwards == References == Category:1957 debut albums Category:Red Garland albums Category:Albums produced by Bob Weinstock Category:Prestige Records albums Category:Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio Category:Albums recorded in a home studio
3267292	A Hazard of New Fortunes	A Hazard of New Fortunes is a novel by William Dean Howells. ==Characters== * Basil March – Businessman from Boston who moves to New York city to start a new periodical. * Isabel March – Wife of Basil March who follows him to New York City * Fulkerson – Hopeful and charismatic entrepreneur who claims to originate the idea of Every Other Week. * Colonel Woodburn – Wealthy Virginia resident who was a colonel for the Confederacy in the American Civil War. He believes slavery could work if they made the system more efficient. * Berthold Lindau – German-born member of the lower class. He fought for the north in the Civil War and lost his hand. He advocates for workers' rights and socialism. * Mr. Dryfoos – Rich Midwesterner who made his money on natural gas. He is anti- union and bankrolls Every Other Week as a way to encourage his son to go into business. * Conrad Dryfoos – The son of Mr. Dryfoos. He works at Every Other Week because of his father, who is trying to persuade him to become a businessman instead of an Episcopalian priest. He enjoys helping those who are less fortunate. * Angus Beaton – An artist for Every Other Week. He is in love with Alma Leighton. * Alma Leighton – A young aspiring artist who contributes drawings to Every Other Week. * Margaret Vance – A New York society girl who leads a non-traditional life engaging in charity work and, by the end of the book, becomes an Episcopalian nun. Plays banjo. ==Plot summary== The title A Hazard of New Fortunes is a reference to William Shakespeare's King John. King John portrays the themes of uncertainty, change, and violence, all of which are also important to A Hazard of New Fortunes. The book, set in late 19th- century New York City, tells the story of Basil March, an affable literary man who provides the main perspective throughout the story. March takes a senior job at a New York magazine and eventually finds himself in the middle of a fierce dispute between his beloved old mentor and the magazine's wealthy owner. At the beginning of the book, March is residing in Boston with his wife and children. Then he is persuaded by his entrepreneurial friend Fulkerson to move to New York to help him start a new magazine, where the writers benefit from a primitive form of profit sharing. After some deliberation, the Marches move to New York and begin a rather extensive search for a perfect apartment. After many exhausting weeks of searching, Basil finally settles on an apartment full of what he and his wife refer to as "gimcrackery" — trinkets and decorations that do not appeal to their upper-middle-class tastes. While in New York, March renews the acquaintance of Berthold Lindau, a German-born intellectual who taught March the German language decades earlier. A strong abolitionist, Lindau fought in the American Civil War and lost a hand. He is now an elderly, impoverished widower. Though Lindau is still as warm-hearted and idealistic as ever, his socialist views often cause him to speak bitterly about what America has become under capitalism. March worries that people who do not understand the old man will misjudge him as unpatriotic or violent. Work at the new magazine, titled Every Other Week begins. The magazine is bankrolled by a millionaire named Dryfoos, who became wealthy after discovering natural gas on his farm in the Midwest, and who is now making money on Wall Street. Dryfoos gives his unworldly son, Conrad, the job of business manager for the magazine in order to try to dissuade him from becoming an Episcopalian priest. An artist by the name of Angus Beaton, an old friend of Fulkerson's, is chosen to head the art department. Beaton chooses Alma Leighton, for whom he has feelings, to illustrate the cover of the first issue. March recruits Lindau, who knows several languages, to translate articles from Europe for the magazine, giving him a modest income. Colonel Woodburn, a wealthy Southerner, and his daughter move to New York and become involved with the magazine when their social circle connects them with Alma Leighton; they board with her and her mother. Fulkerson decides that he would like to publish some of Colonel Woodburn's pro-slavery writings in Every Other Week, because he believes they would create controversy and sell more copies of the new magazine. At a banquet for people associated with the magazine, the political views of Dryfoos the capitalist, Lindau the socialist, and Colonel Woodburn the pro-slavery advocate clash. Though Lindau has no use for Woodburn, he is even more fierce in his comments about Dryfoos the capitalist, and is not mollified by the millionaire's recollections of having avoided service in the war while paying for other men to fight. Lindau switches to German to express to March how much he loathes Dryfoos, because he thinks no one else at the table knows the language. Later it is revealed that Dryfoos (of Pennsylvania-Dutch background) speaks German, and he was insulted by Lindau's comments. In the end of the book, the New York City streetcar drivers strike. The strike, similar to the Haymarket affair, turns into a riot. Conrad Dryfoos, already a humanitarian helping the poor and working class, is charmed by the lovely Margaret Vance, who shares his values of charity. She encourages Conrad to try to end the strike by telling all sides to desist. While attempting to stop a policeman from beating the aged and disabled Lindau, Conrad is fatally shot. March emerges from a streetcar to see the fallen men lying on the street next to each other. Dryfoos mourns the loss of his son. After further amputation of his already disabled arm, Lindau dies with Margaret Vance at his side. Dryfoos sells the magazine to Fulkerson and March for an extremely low price and takes his remaining family to Europe. Fulkerson moves into the apartment above the magazine with his new wife, Colonel Woodburn's daughter. The Marches pass Margaret Vance on the street; she has become an Episcopalian nun. ==Publication history and response== A Hazard of New Fortunes was first released as a serial in Harper's Weekly between March 23 and November 16, 1889.Abeln, Paul. William Dean Howells and the Ends of Realism. New York: Routledge, 2005: 31. It first published in book form by Harper & Bros. in 1890, and the book was well-received for its portrayal of social injustice. Considered by many to be his best work, the novel is also considered to be the first novel to portray New York City.Lopate, Phillip. "Introduction: William Dean Howells and the Discovery of New York." Introduction. Howells, William Dean. A Hazard of New Fortunes. Penguin, 2001: v. One contemporary review for the New York Times noted, "there is nothing lost of the vivacity that makes Mr. Howells's novels come like holidays among the novel-reading public" and, though generally praising, notes that the social questions are "left necessarily unresolved".Abeln, Paul. William Dean Howells and the Ends of Realism. New York: Routledge, 2005: 35. Some argue that the novel was the first of three Howells wrote with Socialist and Utopian ideals in mind: The Quality of Mercy in 1892, and An Imperative Duty in 1893. In this novel, although Howells briefly discusses the American Civil War, he primarily deals with issues of post-war "Gilded Age" America, like labor disputes, the rise of the self-made millionaire, the growth of urban America, the influx of immigrants, and other industrial-era problems. Many critics consider A Hazard of New Fortunes to be one of Howells' most important examples of American literary Realism because he portrays a variety of people from different backgrounds. ==References== ==External links== * * * A Hazard of New Fortunes at Internet Archive * Category:1890 American novels Category:1889 American novels Category:Works by William Dean Howells Category:Novels set in New York City
3274533	A Flight and a Crash	A Flight and a Crash is a punk rock album by Hot Water Music, released in 2001 by Epitaph Records. It was Hot Water Music's first release on Epitaph Records, and the band's fourth studio album. The album peaked at 49 on Billboard's Top Independent Album chart.billboard ==Track listing== ==References== Category:Hot Water Music albums Category:2001 albums Category:Epitaph Records albums
3294817	A Girl Called Eddy	Erin Moran, better known by her stage name, A Girl Called Eddy, is an American soul pop singer/songwriter born in Neptune, New Jersey, U.S. and currently living in England. Along with Stephen Harris and DJ Sae 1, she was a member of the trip hop act Leomoon who released an eponymous album in 1999. She is currently signed to Anti Records. She also made an appearance in 2001 on a promotional CD for the Nissan Altima with the track "The Soundtrack of Your Life". In 2001, she released an EP titled, Tears All Over Town on Le Grand Magistery, an independent record label. She started singing background vocals and keyboard playing for Francis Dunnery, a singer-songwriter, providing back- up vocals on his album Man, and toured England. She also toured Europe supporting Josh Ritter. In August 2004, she released her first, self-titled album in England, working with Richard Hawley. In 2008, she featured on a free CD with the music magazine Mojo, contributing a version of the Beatles' "Julia" on Mojo Presents the White Album Uncovered CD1. Moran's influences include Burt Bacharach ("all my life I've been a massive Burt Bacharach fan"), Karen Carpenter, Scott Walker, Carole King, and Paul McCartney. Moran has been compared with her contemporaries, including Aimee Mann, Beth Orton, and Sarah McLachlan. In April 2014, The Recoup posted an interview with Erin Moran, where she stated that she was working on a new album. A record, The Last Detail, with musician Mehdi Zannad, who records as FUGU, was released on November 2, 2018 on Spanish indie label Elefant Records. Moran has stated on Instagram that her second solo record will be released in 2019. On November 1, 2019 she released a new single "Been Around" from her first album in 15 years, Been Around, released on January 17, 2020. == Discography == ===EPs=== *Tears All Over Town (31 Jul 2001) Le Grand Magistery. Mastering: Trevor Kampmann :Pop Matters called it "something quite special". The song "The Soundtrack of Your Life" was used in the US television show Dawson's Creek. #"Heartache" – 3:12 #"The Soundtrack of Your Life" – 3:36 #"Girls Can Really Tear You Up Inside" – 5:02 #"The Same Old Tears" – 2:47 #"Fading..." – 3:48 :: *Somebody Hurt You (14 Jun 2004) Epitaph #"Somebody Hurt You" (Radio Edit)" – 3:50 #"Love Actually" – 5:10 #"Baby Plays Around" – 3:14 #"Somebody Hurt You (Album Version)" – 5:07 :: *The Long Goodbye (11 Oct 2004) Epitaph #"The Long Goodbye" – 3:27 #"Under the Warm Sun" – 3:02 #"Heartache" – 4:03 ===Albums=== * Leomoon by Leomoon (1999) *A Girl Called Eddy (2004) ANTI- *The Last Detail (2018) Elefant Records *Been Around (2020) Elefant Records :Many favorable reviews and listed as Top 10 of 2004 by The Wall Street Journal. ==References== == External links == *Artists page at Anti Records website * A Girl Called Eddy MySpace Page *Allmusic artist page *last.fm artist page Category:Year of birth missing (living people) Category:Living people Category:21st-century American singers Category:American women singer- songwriters Category:American expatriates in England Category:Singer- songwriters from New Jersey Category:American women pop singers Category:American contemporary R&B; singers Category:People from Monmouth County, New Jersey Category:American soul singers Category:21st-century American women singers Category:Anti- (record label) artists
32997171	A Girl of the Bush	A Girl of the Bush is a 1921 Australian silent film directed by Franklyn Barrett. It is one of the few films from Barrett to survive in its entirety today. ==Plot== Lorna Denver manages Kangaroo Flat sheep station and is pursued by two men, evil Oswald and handsome young surveyor, Tom Wilson. Lorna gives shelter to a baby that has survived an attack by aboriginals, but Tom thinks the baby is hers. This upsets Lorna who breaks it off with him. Oswald is murdered and Tom is arrested. A Chinese cook reveals that the real killer was the father of a woman who had been seduced by Oswald. ==Cast== *Vera James as Lorna Denver *Jack Martin as Tom Wilson *Herbert Linden as Oswald Keane *Stella Southern as Grace Girton *James Martin as John Burns *Sam Warr as Sing Lee *Emma Shea as Looe Toe *D. L. Dalziel as James Keane *Gerald Harcourt as Reg Howard *Olga Broughton as Mary Burns *Mick Huntsdale as Bill Tresle *Tom Cosgrove as Bill's mate ==Production== The script was heavily influenced by the plays The Squatter's Daughter and On Our Selection.Andrew Pike and Ross Cooper, Australian Film 1900–1977: A Guide to Feature Film Production, Melbourne: Oxford University Press, 1998, 105. This was the first of three films Barrett made for his own company. Shooting began in October 1920 at the Fremantle Station near Bathurst. ==Reception== The film was widely distributed and appears to have been a success at the box office. Vera James' father bought the rights to distribute the film in New Zealand. ==References== ==External links== * *A Girl of the Bush at the National Film and Sound Archive *A Girl of the Bush: Representations of Rural Women in Australian Silent and Early Sound Film by Anna Gardner Category:1921 films Category:Australian drama films Category:Australian black-and-white films Category:Australian silent feature films Category:1921 drama films Category:Films directed by Franklyn Barrett Category:Silent drama films Category:1920s English-language films
33155067	A Corte do Norte	A Corte do Norte () is a 2009 Portuguese film directed by João Botelho. ==Cast== * Ana Moreira ==Reception== It was nominated for the 2010 Portuguese Golden Globe for Best Film. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Portuguese romantic drama films Category:Films based on works by Agustina Bessa-Luís Category:Films directed by João Botelho
33192532	A Better Tomorrow (2010 film)	A Better Tomorrow (; lit. "Invincible") is a 2010 South Korean action drama film starring Joo Jin-mo, Song Seung-heon, Kim Kang-woo and Jo Han-sun. It is an official remake of the 1986 Hong Kong film A Better Tomorrow. It was directed by Song Hae-sung and produced by Fingerprint Pictures. John Woo, who directed the original 1986 version, acted as executive producer. The film premiered as part of Special Events at the 67th Venice International Film Festival on September 2, 2010, where it was introduced by John Woo, as having "its own character and own soul, and many new elements." It was released in theaters on September 16, 2010."A Better Tomorrow (2010) Mu-jeok-ja". Korean Film Biz Zone. Retrieved 2012-04-20. ==Plot== Kim Hyuk (Joo Jin-mo) is a detective in the South Korean National Police Agency, having escaped from North Korea as a teenager. Unbeknownst to his superiors, he also moonlights as an illegal arms smuggler with his best friend and partner in crime, Lee Young- choon (Song Seung-heon), who also defected from the North. Hyuk has a younger brother, Chul (Kim Kang-woo), whom he was forced to leave behind (along with their mother) during his escape. Guilt-ridden over leaving his brother behind, Hyuk has spent the past few years searching for his brother. Eventually, he finds Chul in an internment camp for Northern defectors, but Chul resents Hyuk for leaving them behind. It is then revealed that their mother was killed by North Korean authorities as retribution for Hyuk's escape. Hyuk goes to Thailand to complete an arms deal, accompanied by an ambitious gangster named Jung Tae-min (Jo Han-sun). However, the deal turns out to be a set-up by Jung, who leaves Hyuk to be killed by the Thai gangsters. He survives but gets arrested and sentenced to three years in prison. After reading about Hyuk's capture in the newspaper, Lee finds the Thai gangster in a massage parlor and kills him and his henchmen. However, in the ensuing gunfight, he is shot in the knee and crippled. Hyuk is released from prison. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a taxi driver. Meanwhile, Chul has become an officer in the National Police and Jung has become the leader of the arms smuggling operation, while Lee, cut out of the arms operation by Jung, does odd jobs to survive. During an emotional reunion, Lee asks Hyuk to return to the underworld and take revenge on Jung, but Hyuk refuses. He seeks Chul out, hoping for a reconciliation, but Chul rebuffs him, seeing Hyuk as nothing but a criminal and still resentful that Hyuk left the family in North Korea. Jung finds Hyuk and presses him to rejoin the organization, even offering to give Lee his old job back, but Hyuk refuses. Meanwhile, Chul becomes obsessed with arresting Jung. After Jung has Lee beaten and threatens to harm Chul, Hyuk decides to join his old friend in taking revenge on Jung. Hyuk and Lee steal incriminating evidence from the smuggling business, and Hyuk secretly sends it to the police while tricking Lee into paying him a large ransom. Using Jung as a hostage, Hyuk and Young-choon take the money to a pier, intending to escape by boat. Meanwhile, having followed his brother, Chul arrives on the scene but is captured by Jung's men. Even though he is free to escape, Hyuk decides to return to save Chul and asks Lee to leave with the money. Hyuk returns and offers to exchange Jung for Chul, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Hyuk and Chul are wounded and pinned down, but Lee suddenly appears and saves them. After killing many of Jung's men, Lee berates Chul, telling him that he should be grateful to have a brother like Hyuk. He is then shot in the back and killed by Jung's men. The police arrive, but Jung flees into a nearby steelyard. Hyuk and Chul chase after him, but Hyuk is shot and killed when he shields Chul from Jung's gunfire. Jung mocks Chul and prepares to surrender to the surrounding police. Despite warnings from the police to drop his weapon, Chul shoots and kills Jung. As the police advance, Chul cradles his brother's body in his arms and tearfully laments that he missed him. He aims his gun to his head and the scene cuts to black as a single gunshot is heard. ==Cast== * Joo Jin-mo – Kim Hyuk * Song Seung-heon – Lee Young-choon * Kim Kang-woo – Kim Chul * Jo Han-sun – Jung Tae-min * Lee Geung-young – Park Kyung-wi * Kim Ji-young – aunt * Kim Hae-gon – Boss Jung * Im Hyung-joon – Detective Lee * Lee Ki-hyuk as Combat police * Seo Tae-hwa – Public Prosecutor Jo * Jeong Gi-seop – Detective Park * Moon Kyung-min * Lee Sin-seong ==Differences between remake and original== * The protagonists are arms traffickers as opposed to counterfeiters. * Kim Hyuk is a police officer who moonlights as an illegal arms trafficker, whereas his counterpart in the original, Sung Chi-ho was not involved in law enforcement. * Chul is hostile and resentful towards Hyuk for his perceived abandonment as a teenager whereas Ho and Kit have a close fraternal relationship until Ho's arrest. * Young- choon is shown to be suspicious of Jung's motives, and Hyuk witnesses Jung's betrayal during the deal. In the original, Shing's duplicity is not revealed until much later in the film. * Unlike Kit, Chul does not have a girlfriend, hence no female roles. * It is implied that Young-choon works for himself (doing odd jobs) after being crippled whereas Mark is shown to work for Shing in the original. * Young-choon is shot and killed by a multitude of Jung's men whereas Mark was killed by Shing (and his right-hand man) directly. * Hyuk and Chul die in the remake whereas Ho and Kit both survive the final showdown and successfully reconcile in the original. ==Reception== In Korea, the film ranked second and grossed over in its first week of release,"South Korea Box Office: September 17–19, 2010". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved 2012-04-19. and grossed a total of after six weeks of screening."South Korea Box Office: October 22–24, 2010". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved 2012-04-19. The film sold a total of 1,546,420 tickets nationwide. In Japan it ranked #11 and grossed over in its one week of release on 103 screens."Japan Box Office: February 19–20, 2011". Box Office Mojo. Retrieved 2012-04-19. Film Business Asia gave the film a five out of ten rating, opining that "there's plenty of South Korean machismo (with none of the lightness and humour of its Hong Kong equivalent) and a much darker emotional core, with some intense male bonding ... making this an oppressively all-male affair, heightened by the saturated photography and in-your-face action."Elley, Derek (8 September 2010). "A Better Tomorrow 무적자". Film Business Asia. Retrieved 2012-11-24. ==Remake Anthology== A Better Tomorrow (1986) (Cantonese) Aatish (1994) (Hindi) A Better Tomorrow (2010) (Korean) John Woo Sanjay Gupta Song Hae-sung ==References== == External links == * * A Better Tomorrow at Naver * * * Category:2010 films Category:2010 action drama films Category:South Korean action drama films Category:South Korean crime action films Category:South Korean crime drama films Category:South Korean gangster films Category:South Korean 3D films Category:South Korean remakes of foreign films Category:Remakes of Hong Kong films Category:Films about organized crime in South Korea Category:South Korean neo-noir films Category:Films directed by Song Hae-sung Category:CJ Entertainment films Category:2010s Korean-language films Category:Films about brothers Category:2010 crime drama films Category:2010 crime action films Category:2010s South Korean films
3320144	A Flight to Remember	"A Flight to Remember" is the tenth episode in the first season of the American animated television series Futurama. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 26, 1999. The title is a reference to Walter Lord's non-fiction book about the Titanic disaster A Night to Remember. This episode was written by Eric Horsted and directed by Peter Avanzino. Dawnn Lewis guest stars in this episode as LaBarbara Conrad. The episode is a direct parody of the 1997 film Titanic. ==Plot== Fry, Leela, and Bender hand their resignations to Professor Farnsworth after narrowly escaping another delivery with their lives, but reconsider when he announces that the Planet Express team will take a cruise on the maiden voyage of the largest space cruise ship ever built: the Titanic. As they board they are stopped by Zapp Brannigan, the ship's honorary captain. Attempting to avoid Brannigan's advances, Leela claims she is engaged to Fry. Bender meets the Countess de la Roca. Amy unexpectedly runs into her parents, who attempt to set Amy up with a date. Amy claims Fry is her boyfriend, making Leela jealous. Bender meets the Countess again and falls in love with her. She learns Bender is a broke low- life, but tells him that she is not interested in his wealth; she loves him for his personality. Hermes is urged to participate in a limbo competition, but declines, still recovering from guilt over an incident that occurred at the 2980 Olympics where a child trying to emulate him fatally broke his spine. Leela and Fry are invited to dine at the captain's table. At dinner, both Brannigan and Amy's parents are present; they demand that Fry kiss his date. Before the fake relationships are exposed, Kif calls Brannigan to the bridge; a new course Brannigan chose has endangered the ship. Brannigan pilots the ship too close to a black hole. Realizing the danger, Brannigan promotes Kif to Captain before fleeing the ship. Fry and Leela nearly kiss before they are interrupted by the ship breaking in half. Bender heads off to save the countess while the rest of the crew head for the escape pods. An airlock door closes, blocking their escape. Zoidberg holds it open a few inches, but the door release is on the other side. Hermes limbos under the door. Arriving at the escape pods, they meet Amy's parents, who have found Amy a new boyfriend: Kif. After waiting as long as they can for Bender, the crew launches the escape pod. Bender leaps from the Titanic, Countess in tow. He grabs the escape pod, but they exceed the weight limit. The Countess sacrifices herself, allowing the others to escape, upsetting Bender. Entering the pod, a heartbroken Bender says he will have her diamond bracelet to remind him of her. Hermes examines it and tells Bender that it is fake, causing him to immediately break down and cry. ==Production== This episodes features the beginning of the relationship between Kif Kroker and Amy Wong. The relationship was originally meant to be a one–off joke; however, the writers found it to be convenient and used it in later episodes. Recurring characters Leo and Inez Wong, and LaBarbara Conrad are first introduced in the episode. ==Reception== Zack Handlen of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B+, stating, "...Enough of these jokes land to keep the storyline moving (the Love Boat riff was a nice touch), and the advantage of an episode like this one, which has so much going on at once, is that nothing really overstays its welcome. That also means that there’s no time to dig deep into any single story, but given the general, genial shallowness of all this, that’s probably for the best." ==References== ==External links== * *A Flight to Remember at About.com *A Flight to Remember at The Infosphere. Category:Futurama (season 1) episodes Category:1999 American television episodes Category:RMS Titanic in fiction Category:Television episodes about vacationing Category:Fiction about black holes
33228023	A Guided Tour of Madness	A Guided Tour of Madness is a 3-CD/1-DVD anthology box set by English band Madness, released in 2011 on Union Square Music's collector's label Salvo. It features 70 singles and album tracks (from 1979’s One Step Beyond... to 2009’s The Liberty of Norton Folgate) and an exclusive DVD of the band's comeback concert at the Madstock festival in August 1992. It also includes a booklet with interviews with the band, photos, the cartoon Nutty Comic (1981) and the Madness Map of Camden, the band's historic stomping ground. With the exception of "Sweetest Girl," "Sorry," and "The Harder They Come," every one of the band's 34 singles to date is represented. The compilation is notable as containing the first (and, until Record Store Day 2022, only) official physical release of the track "Le Grand Pantalon", which closes the collection. This slower, waltz version of "Baggy Trousers", complete with accordion and double bass, as well as French lyrics, was originally created as part of Madness' participation in Kronenbourg Brewery's 'Slow the Pace' ad campaign. However, its popularity led to the band recording a full version, initially available only as a free download. ==Critical reception== AllMusic rated the box set 4 stars out of 5, saying, "A cut above most hastily assembled retrospectives, A Guided Tour of Madness is a cleverly selected affair which should satisfy anyone wishing to investigate more than their more ubiquitous commercial hits." The Super Deluxe Edition website wrote, "The care and attention in the included booklet, combined with the overall quality of the packaging, makes this an easy box set to recommend, even for the casual listener." ==Track listing== ==Certifications and sales== ==Personnel== See individual albums for full personnel credits. ;Madness * Graham "Suggs" McPherson – vocals * Cathal Smyth – vocals, trumpet * Mike Barson - piano, keyboards * Chris Foreman – guitar * Mark Bedford – bass * Lee Thompson – saxophone, vocals * Daniel Woodgate – drums ;Additional musicians on bonus track "Le Grand Pantalon" * Rachael Lander – strings * Kirsty Mangan – strings * Natalie Holt – strings * Stephanie Benedetti – strings * Louis Vause – accordion * Lester Allen – banjo ;Technical * Clive Langer – producer (disc 1: 1-27 / disc 2: 1-22 / disc 3: 1-9, 15-21) * Alan Winstanley – producer (disc 1: 3-27 / disc 2: 1-22 / disc 3: 1-9, 15-20), DVD sound mix * Steve Dub – producer (disc 3: 10-14) * John "Segs" Jennings – producer (disc 3: 10-14) * Charlie Andrew – producer (disc 3: 21) * Tim Turan – mastering * Mark Brennan – compilation * Daryl Smith – compilation * Martin "Cally" Callomon – box theme, art direction, design * Eric Watson – front cover photograph * Clare Muller – black and white band photographs * Paul Rider – band photographs * Gavin Martin – booklet interviews ;DVD * Meedja – DVD authoring * Juliet De Valero-Wills – executive producer * Malcolm Gerrie – executive producer * Dione Orram – producer * Rocky Oldham – producer * Gavin Taylor – director == References == ==External links== *A Guided Tour of Madness Category:Madness (band) compilation albums Category:2011 compilation albums Category:Albums produced by Clive Langer Category:Albums produced by Alan Winstanley
33277726	A Behavioral Theory of the Firm	The behavioral theory of the firm first appeared in the 1963 book A Behavioral Theory of the Firm by Richard M. Cyert and James G. March. The work on the behavioral theory started in 1952 when March, a political scientist, joined Carnegie Mellon University, where Cyert was an economist. Before this model was formed, the existing theory of the firm had two main assumptions: profit maximization and perfect knowledge. Cyert and March questioned these two critical assumptions. ==Background== A behavioral model of rational choice by Herbert A. Simon paved the way for the behavioral model. Neo-classical economists assumed that firms enjoyed perfect information. In addition the firm maximized profits and did not suffer from internal resource allocation problems. Advocates of the behavioral approach also challenged the omission of the element of uncertainty from the conventional theory. The behavioral model, like the managerial models of Oliver E. Williamson and Robin Marris, considers a large corporate business firm in which the ownership is separate from the management. ===Cyert and March=== These researchers offered four major research themes: *A small number of key economic decisions *Development of a general theory, generalizing the results from studies of specific firms *Linkage of empirical data to models *Orientation towards process rather than outcomes ==Model framework== ===Theory construction=== The behavioral approach takes the firm as the basic unit of analysis. It attempts to predict behaviour with respect to price, output and resource allocation decisions. It emphasizes the decision-making process. ===The firm as a coalition of groups=== The theory argues that while small firms may operate under the guidance of the entrepreneur, such a simple model does not describe larger corporations. These larger firms are coalitions of individuals or groups, which may include managers, stockholders, workers, suppliers and so on. According to Cyert and March, these groups participate in setting goals and making decisions. Priorities and information may vary by group, potentially creating conflicts. Cyert and March mentioned five goals which real world firms generally possess: production; inventory; market share; sales and profits. According to the behavioral theory, all the goals must be satisfied, following an implicit order of priority among them. ===Satisficing behaviour=== Cyert and March proposed that real firms aim at satisficing rather than maximizing their results. I.e., some groups may settle for "good enough" achievements rather than striving for the best possible outcome. This came from a concept known as bounded rationality, which was developed by Herbert Simon. Bounded rationality means prudent behaviour under a given set of circumstances. In this model goals are not set to maximize relevant magnitudes such as profits, sales and market share. Instead, goals are compromises negotiated by the groups. ===The process of decision making=== In the model, top management sets the goals of the organization. But these goals are implemented through decision making at two levels, one at the top and the second at lower management levels. During approval of proposals of various departments, two criteria are generally employed. A financial measure assesses the availability of the required funds given resources. An improvement measure assesses whether the proposal improves the health of the organization. According to Cyert and March, information is required to take the most appropriate decisions. However, information gathering itself is not Costless and requires resources. ===Organizational slack=== To keep the various groups in the organization, payments had to be in excess of what was required for the efficient working of the firm. The difference between the total resources and the necessary payments is called the organizational slack. In conventional economic theory organizational slack is zero, at least at equilibrium. Cyert and March claim that organizational slack plays a stabilizing and adaptive role. Cyert and March gave many examples of organizational slack such as high dividends paid to shareholders, prices set lower than necessary and wages paid in excess of those required. ==Critical evaluation== The behavioral model made a great impact on the theory of the firm. It gave insights in the process of goal formation and fixation of aspiration levels and resource allocation. Its critics claim that the theory is unnecessarily complicated. The virtual assembly of the firm, with the decision-making process as the unit, for the purpose of predicting their behaviour is highly questioned by critics. There has also been staunch support for profit maximization rather than satisficing behaviour, which is one of the core elements of the model. ==Later research== The behavioral theory of the firm has become important for much later research in organization theory and management, and has led to empirical studies and simulation modeling in organizational learning, as well as work on the cognitive foundations of firm strategy. ==See also== *Theory of the firm *Carnegie School ==Notes== ==References== * * * * * * Category:Works about management Category:Business economics Category:Economics books Category:Behavioral economics Category:Books about organizations
33446745	A Common Man (film)	A Common Man is a 2013 Sri Lankan thriller film directed by Sri Lankan filmmaker Chandran Rutnam, starring Ben Kingsley and Ben Cross. The film is an official remake of the Indian film, A Wednesday! (2008).Ben Kingsley Starring Action-Thriller, "A Common Man" Is To Be Released by Myriad Pictures Worldwide A Common Man won Best Picture, Best Director and Best Actor awards at the Madrid International Film Festival and bronze medal in the Feature Films category at the New York Festivals’ International Television and Film Awards, three of the 119 Gold World Medals, 145 Silver, 104 Bronze, and 327 Finalist Certificates awarded that day. ==Plot== The film starts in a room full of bomb making material and newspaper articles about LTTE bombings in Sri Lanka, the screen then cuts to a typical busy morning in Colombo. "The Man" (Ben Kingsley) plants five bombs around the city; on a public bus, in a shopping mall and the Polgoda police station, on an intercity train, and at the Katukurunda Airfield. The man then establishes his mini control station on top a skyscraper in Dehiwala and calls the police chief Morris Da Silva (Ben Cross) and informs him that if four prisoners are not released, the bombs will be detonated.Ben Kingsley Starring Action-Thriller, "A Common Man" Is To Be Released by Myriad Pictures Worldwide ==Cast== * Ben Kingsley as "The Man" * Ben Cross as DIG Morris Da Silva * Patrick Rutnam as IP Mohideen * Fredrick- James Koch as IP Rangan Jayaweera * Wilson Gunaratne as Prakash Kumar * Veena Jayakody as Vegetable vendor * Ashan Dias * Sando Harris as D. Gopinath * Teddy Vidyalankara as Pithala Nihal * Numaya Siriwardena * Jerome de Silva * Wilmon Sirimanne * Dushyanth Weeraman * Mohammed Adamally ==Production== A Common Man was filmed in 2012 in various locations in Colombo, Sri Lanka. ==Release== A Common Man was released worldwide on 21 May 2013 in Blu-ray by Anchor Bay Films and Myriad Pictures. ==Premiere== The movie had its premiere at the Laemmle Music Hall Cinema in Beverly Hills, California on 15 March 2013. == References == ==External links== * the scenes of A Common Man * * * A Common Man wins bronze at New York Festival Category:2013 films Category:2013 psychological thriller films Category:English-language Sri Lankan films Category:Films shot in Sri Lanka Category:American psychological thriller films Category:Sri Lankan thriller films Category:Films about terrorism in Asia Category:Films about the Sri Lankan Civil War Category:Films scored by Ramesh Vinayakam Category:Remakes of Sri Lankan films Category:2010s English- language films Category:2010s American films
33456030	A Journey Through Time	A Journey Through Time was a 2002 concert tour by Elton John. myconcertarchive.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 eltonography.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 shopaustralia.20m.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 eltonjohnworld.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 eltonography.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 This is the eleventh tour of Australia by Elton John. The tour completely sold out. eltonjohnworld.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 ==Tour dates== Date songkick.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 City Country Venue Oceania 17 April 2002 Adelaide Australia Adelaide Entertainment Centre 19 April 2002 Melbourne Rod Laver Arena 20 April 2002 23 April 2002 Boondall Brisbane Entertainment Centre 24 April 2002 25 April 2002 Sydney Sydney Entertainment Centre 26 April 2002 27 April 2002 28 April 2002 Melbourne Melbourne Entertainment Centre 29 April 2002 Sydney Sydney Entertainment Centre 30 April 2002 ==Setlist== eltonography.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 #Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding #Bennie and the Jets #Someone Saved My Life Tonight #The Ballad of the Boy in the Red Shoes #Philadelphia Freedom #The Wasteland #Rocket Man #I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues #Daniel #I Want Love #This Train Don't Stop There Anymore #Take Me to the Pilot #Sacrifice #Blue Eyes #Sorry Seems to Be the Hardest Word #Oh My Sweet Carolina #Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters #Holiday Inn #Tiny Dancer #Levon #Original Sin #I'm Still Standing #Crocodile Rock #Pinball Wizard #Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me #Your Song ==Tour band== eltonography.com, Retrieved 19 October 2011 *Elton John – piano, vocals *Nigel Olsson – drums, backing vocals *John Mahon – percussion, backing vocals *Davey Johnstone – guitars, mandolin, backing vocals *Bob Birch – bass, backing vocals *Guy Babylon – keyboards ==References== ==External links== * Information Site with Tour Dates Category:Elton John concert tours Category:2002 concert tours
33493993	A Fighting Choice	A Fighting Choice is a 1986 American made-for-television biographical drama film directed by Ferdinand Fairfax. Produced by Walt Disney Television, the film stars Patrick Dempsey as a teenager suffering from epilepsy. It originally aired April 13, 1986 as a presentation of The Disney Sunday Movie on ABC. == Plot == 16-year-old Kellin Taylor suffers from epilepsy. He has not had a seizure in five months and is visiting the nation's most praised doctor. Due to his two-weekly visits to Dr. Tobin, he has been neglecting school work. This upsets his parents, who are disappointed considering the joy they experienced months earlier when they could enroll Kellin in a regular high school for the first time in his life. To better his grades, he is assigned to a tutor student, Susie Fratelli, whom he immediately falls in love with. Despite his shyness, Susie takes a liking in him as well, and invites him to jog with her the next morning. All these new adjustments cause him to have another epileptic seizure at night. The next day, Susie is initially upset that he did not show up for jogging, until Kellin reluctantly informs her about his epilepsy. Susie is not scared off, like he suspected, and they grow even closer. Dr. Tobin is worried about Kellin's seizure, realizing that the drugs have no effect on him anymore. He tells Kellin's father Thad that an experimental brain surgery could be the only solution, but Thad fears about its dangers and opposes to it. Kellin finds out about the possibility through a letter and gets mad at his parents for not having informed him. Unlike his parents, Kellin is interested in the operation, and continues proceedings without his parents' support. Topping this, he considers suing his parents for independence, which would enable him to decide for himself to have the operation. When Thad and Meg find out that they are being sued. They contact an expert, who informs them that although the operation could stop the seizure, other seizures could make a way. Meanwhile, Kellin is advised by his attorney Virginia Hagan, to move out of the house during trial. The trial and its press attention tear up the family, prompting Kellin to listen to Virginia and move in with her, even though feeling guilty that all this affects his little brother Harvey, as well. The case causes Thad to be transferred from work, and Harvey feels ignored by his parents. Furthermore, Kellin starts to have second thoughts about surgery and has his first epileptic seizure in front of Susie. At trial, Virginia calls for Eli Rhodes, a former epileptic patient who underwent surgery successfully. Kellin is inspired by his story and now wants to continue the operation. During the final stages of trial, he becomes intimate with Susie for the first time. Judge Rosenstiel decides to give consent to the operation. Even though Thad and Meg are disappointed with the outcome, they give up the personal war with their son and decide to support him during surgery. Surgery proves difficult and lasts for five hours, but a successful outcome is the result. Kellin awakes, surrounded by his family and girlfriend. ==Cast== *Patrick Dempsey as Kellin Taylor *Beau Bridges as Thad Taylor *Karen Valentine as Meg Taylor *Danielle von Zerneck as Susie Fratelli *Frances Lee McCain as Virginia Hagan *Lawrence Pressman as Dr. Tobin *Allan Arbus as Dr. Andreas Hellman *Alice Hirson as Judge Rosenstiel *Parker Jacobs as Harvey 'Boss' Taylor *Allen Williams as Dan Goodman *Philip Linton as Eli Rhodes *Robin Thomas as Dr. Gardner *Charles Lanyer as Dr. Leonard Faraday ==References== ==External links== * Category:1986 television films Category:1986 films Category:1980s biographical drama films Category:ABC network original films Category:American biographical drama films Category:Disney television films Category:Walt Disney anthology television series episodes Category:Films scored by Brad Fiedel Category:American drama television films Category:1980s English-language films Category:Films directed by Ferdinand Fairfax Category:1980s American films
33568949	A Little Bit of Cucumber	"A Little Bit of Cucumber" is a cockney music hall song, written by T. W. Conner for the comedian and singer Harry Champion, who first performed it in 1915;Peter Gammond (1971), Your Own, Your Very Own!: A Music Hall Scrapbook. London: Ian Allan it was published by Francis, Day & Hunter Ltd. the same year.Songs of the First World War accessed October 2011 The song is about the joys of certain types of food, which were popular at the time with the cockney working class community of East London; the words have also long been seen as containing a double entendre. The song is intended to be sung at a fast tempo. The lyrics centre around the culinary preferences of the working-classes including cucumbers; the vegetable is then compared to other types of food, but by the end of the song the cucumber is affirmed to be the preferable delicacy.A Little Bit of Cucumber lyric sheet, Courtesy of International Lyrics Playground, accessed October 2011 It was the second song adopted into Champion's repertoire which centred on food, the first being "Boiled Beef and Carrots" in 1909.Oxford English Dictionary, 2nd edition, vol. VIII, p. 471. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Music hall songs Category:Songs about plants Category:1915 songs
33610926	A Chinese Ghost Story II	A Chinese Ghost Story II () is a 1990 Hong Kong romantic comedy horror film directed by Ching Siu-tung and produced by Tsui Hark. It is the sequel to A Chinese Ghost Story and is followed by A Chinese Ghost Story III. ==Plot== Following the events of the first film, Ning (Leslie Cheung) parts ways with the Taoist Yin (Wu Ma) and returns to his home village, which has since fallen on desperate times. Fleeing from cannibals, Ning winds up being imprisoned. Sharing a cell with Elder Chu, a renowned scholar, Ning apparently spends months languishing in prison. On the day of Ning's execution, the scholar reveals that he has dug out an escape tunnel. He gives Ning one of his books and a pendant, and sends Ning through the tunnel. Ning obliviously steals the horse of Autumn (Jacky Cheung), a Taoist sectarian. When Ning stops for the night in an abandoned villa, Autumn catches up and the two sort out the misunderstanding. But in the middle of the night, rebel soldiers attack the two visitors. After a short skirmish, the rebel sisters Windy (Joey Wong) and Moon (Michelle Reis) discover Elder Chu's pendant. While Ning mistakes Windy for his love Siu Sin, whom she resembles, the rebels mistake Ning for the Elder Chu. The sisters explain that their father, Lord Fu (Lau Siu-Ming), was framed for a crime and is now being transported to the place of his execution. The rebels' mission is to free him. They set off and leave Ning and Autumn at the villa. The next night, the two discover that the villa actually is haunted by a demon. Autumn manages to injure it, but it flees. He gives pursuit, but without success. He emerges at daybreak on a dirt road, causing an altercation with an imperial convoy led by Hu (Waise Lee). Hu and Autumn battle to a stalemate, and then go their separate ways. Unbeknownst to Autumn, the convoy is the one carrying the sisters' father. Having failed to catch the convoy earlier, the rebels return to the haunted villa, waiting to ambush the convoy there. As the convoy enters, however, the demon returns as well. Maneuvering Hu into fighting the demon, the rebels are able to rescue the sisters' father. Before long, however, the Imperial High Monk arrives with his entourage. He incapacitates the rebels with a spell, which Autumn recognizes as an evil chant. Ning and Windy escape to seek the help of Yin, while Lord Fu, Autumn and Moon are captured by the monk. The captives are brought back to the High Monk's palace. Now suspicious, Hu enters the palace only to find the hollow corpses of the entire royal court inside. Recognizing that the monk is in reality a demon, Hu frees the captives and fights valiantly by himself to allow them time to recover. Lacking spiritual magic, however, Hu is not able to overcome the demon and is destroyed. Just then, Yin and the others arrive. The demon is forced to reveal its true form, a gigantic thousand-year-old centipede. Yin and Autumn are swallowed by the creature, and they separate their souls from their bodies in order to destroy it from the inside. Autumn, however, is not able to return to his body, and his soul floats away. The next day is the marriage of Windy to the Ma family. Ning runs down from his inn to the main street and tells Moon that he wishes Windy a long, happy marriage before leaving. In the desert, as Yin and Ning are about to continue their journey, they see two women approach on horseback, which happen to be Windy and Moon. Windy has escaped from her wedding and decides to leave with Ning. ==Cast and roles== * Leslie Cheung - Ning Choi San * Joey Wong - Ching Fung / Windy * Michelle Reis - Yuet Chi / Moon * Jacky Cheung - Chi Chau / Autumn * Wu Ma - Yin Chek Hsia / Swordsman * Ku Feng - Elder Chu * Lau Shun - High priest * Lau Siu-Ming - Lord Fu * Waise Lee - Hu * To Siu-Chun * Yeung Jing- Jing * Lee Fai * Lau Siu-Hung * Johnny Koo ==Controversy in China== In 2019, the theme song of A Chinese Ghost Story II, , or translated as "A Human's Path" was pulled from Apple Music in China due to its association with the Tiananmen Square Massacre. The song was pulled from the streaming service after users of Weibo pointed out that the lyrics were a veiled reference to the bloody 1989 incident, which saw the Chinese military violently disperse unarmed pro-democracy student protesters who were occupying the famous square, killing hundreds. A Chinese Ghost Story II at HKMDB A Chinese Ghost Story II at chinesemov.com ==References== ==External links== * * * * https://coconuts.co/hongkong/news/1990-jacky-cheung-song-pulled-from-apple- music-in-china-because-of-link-to-tiananmen-square-massacre/ Category:1990 films Category:1990 romantic comedy films Category:1990 comedy horror films Category:1990 fantasy films Category:A Chinese Ghost Story films Category:Films directed by Ching Siu-tung Category:Hong Kong horror films Category:Hong Kong romantic comedy films Category:Hong Kong sequel films Category:Hong Kong New Wave films Category:1990s Hong Kong films Category:Films about sisters Category:Films about rebellions Category:Haunted house films Category:Films set in country houses Category:Demons in film
33629930	A Jester's Tale	A Jester's Tale () is a 1964 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman. Described by Zeman as a "pseudo-historical" film, it is an anti-war black comedy set during the Thirty Years' War. The film combines live action with animation to suggest the artistic style of the engraver Matthäus Merian. ==Cast== * Petr Kostka as Petr * Miloslav Holub as Recruiting officer Matyáš of Babice * Emília Vášáryová as Lenka * Valentina Thielová as Countess Veronika * Karel Effa as Hetman Varga of Koňousov * Eva Šenková as Countess * Eduard Kohout as Count * Vladimír Menšík as Court painter * Čestmír Řanda as Watchman * Jiří Holý as Spanish officer * Josef Haukvic as Musketeer * František Kovářík as Jester ==Reception== The film was a notable success at the 1964 San Francisco International Film Festival, winning Best Picture and Best Director. It was also voted Best Film at the 1964 Addis Ababa IFF in Ethiopia, and was honored in three categories at Cannes. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1964 films Category:1960s black comedy films Category:Czechoslovak black-and-white films Category:1960s Czech-language films Category:Films directed by Karel Zeman Category:Czechoslovak animated films Category:Czech animated films Category:1964 animated films Category:Films with live action and animation Category:Czech historical adventure films Category:1960s historical adventure films Category:Films with screenplays by Pavel Juráček Category:Films set in the 1620s Category:Films set in the 1630s Category:Thirty Years' War in popular culture Category:Films with screenplays by Karel Zeman Category:1964 comedy films Category:1964 drama films Category:Czech black comedy films Category:1960s Czech films Category:Czech animated adventure films Category:Czech animated comedy films Category:Czech animated fantasy films
33663872	A History Channel Thanksgiving	"A History Channel Thanksgiving" is the thirteenth episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 222nd episode overall. It first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 9, 2011. In the episode, the boys accidentally uncover the true origins of Thanksgiving after watching a History Channel documentary alleging that aliens were present at the original harvest feast in 1621. It parodies the television series Ancient Aliens, the 2011 film Thor and for-profit colleges. The episode was written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker and is rated TV-MA L in the United States. ==Plot== After a lecture from 1/16th Cherokee Indian David "Running Horse" Sawitski, the boys are assigned to write a report on the history of Thanksgiving. They view a TV show on the History Channel that suggests the first Thanksgiving in 1621 was influenced by the presence of extraterrestrials. Despite Kyle's outrage at the program's arguments, he is outvoted, and the boys use the program as a source for their report. After turning in their reports, agents from the History Channel demand the boys tell them where they got their information on aliens, which matches History's own information. When the boys explain they derived their knowledge from that program, the head agent sees this "coincidence" as validation of History's theories, and shows the boys' testimonials on a subsequent program, crediting Stan as a "History Expert", and Kyle as a "Professor of Thanksgiving—DeVry Institute", despite the fact that Kyle is shown arguing against the idea. This incurs the wrath of Sawitski, who, angered at the proliferation of falsehoods about Native American history, shows up at Kyle's house and holds him, Stan and Kenny at gunpoint. Captain Standish of Plymouth, a planet in Canis Major whose inhabitants resemble colonial era American Pilgrims, falls to Earth. On Plymouth, the Pilgrim leader rallies his people, saying that their enemies, the Indians, have raided their stuffing mines, which leads to a stuffing shortage on Earth that causes Cartman to panic. Standish shows up at Kyle's house, kills Sawitski, and asks Kyle for help returning to his planet. After Natalie Portman drives them to a wooded area, Standish shows Kyle a map of five planets: Earth, Plymouth, Indi, Colthenheim and Green Lantern World, which are connected by wormholes that, on the map, resemble the hand-traced drawings of turkeys made by schoolchildren. Standish explains that his people and their enemies were indeed responsible for the first Thanksgiving, and warns Kyle that because the 300-year treaty between Plymouth and Indi has ended, the Indians will plunder the Plymouth stuffing mines. Agents from the History Channel appear, and when they tell Standish that they failed to open the wormhole to Plymouth by drawing the turkey symbol at Plymouth Rock, Standish informs them that they need Natalie Portman, who is the Keeper of the Portal. After being wined and dined by Kyle, Portman "opens her wormhole", sending Standish back to Plymouth, where he vanquishes the Indians. Back on Earth, Standish's campaign against the Indians is related in another History TV special, which also adds the new theory that the first Thanksgiving was haunted, much to Kyle's outrage. ==Production and cultural references== In the creator commentary for the episode, Trey Parker and Matt Stone said that this was the first idea they came up with for the season and intended to save it for the last episode. However as they struggled to come up with other ideas and planned to make the Thanksgiving special two- parts before abandoning the idea. ==Reception== The episode received mixed to positive reviews. Ryan McGhee of The A.V. Club graded the episode a "B", stating: "Tonight's South Park spent absolutely no time dwelling on the events of last week, favoring instead an attack on The History Channel, apophenia, and Natalie Portman. When people think back on this season, this won't be an episode that will immediately spring to mind by any stretch. But as far as silly episodes written and drawn by people who have seen a lot of Thor recently, this wasn't bad." Ramsey Isler of IGN gave the episode a 7.5 out of 10, stating: "The story wasted no time getting into its parody of the so- called 'history' channel. The aim is placed squarely on Ancient Aliens specifically, and the direction is nicely done. The tone of the parody shifts as the episode turns into an odd sort of spoof/homage of the Thor movie. We've got the Native Americans as the Ice Giants and the Pilgrims as the Asgardians, and Natalie Portman tacked on for seemingly no real purpose. Overall it's still an entertaining watch, but if it had more focus it could have been something really special." Johnny Firecloud of CraveOnline (now Mandatory) gave the episode a 5 out of 10, opining that it was not funny, likening the episode to "an acid trip laced with way too much strychnine". Firecloud sympathized with those who feel that the series is "an overloaded mess", and thought this episode a rationale for possible series cancellation. Erik Kain of Forbes praised the episode's jabs at for-profit colleges DeVry and the University of Phoenix. ==References== ==External links== * "A History Channel Thanksgiving" Full episode at South Park Studios * Category:South Park (season 15) episodes Category:Thanksgiving television episodes Category:Television episodes about time travel Category:Fiction about wormholes
33695033	A Devil with Women	A Devil with Women is a 1930 American pre-Code film starring Victor McLaglen, Mona Maris, and Humphrey Bogart, and directed by Irving Cummings. Set in a Central American country, adventurer McLaglen and sidekick Bogart find themselves in a fierce competition for a luscious young woman's attentions. Notable for being among Bogart's earliest large film roles.The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Devil with Women ==Cast== *Victor McLaglen as Jerry Moxton *Mona Maris as Rosita Fernandez *Humphrey Bogart as Tom Standish *Luana Alcaniz as Dolores *Michael Vavitch as Morloff *Soledad Jiménez as Jiminez *Mona Rico as Alicia *John St. Polo as Don Diego *Robert Edeson as General Garcia *Joe De La Cruz as Juan ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1930 films Category:1930 adventure films Category:American black-and- white films Category:Films directed by Irving Cummings Category:Films set in Central America Category:1930s English-language films Category:Films with screenplays by Dudley Nichols Category:Fox Film films Category:American adventure films Category:1930s American films Category:English-language adventure films
33737602	A Daughter of Australia	A Daughter of Australia may refer to: * A Daughter of Australia (1912 film), a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Gaston Mervale * A Daughter of Australia (1922 film), a 1922 Australian silent film directed by Lawson Harris
33758502	A God Somewhere	A god Somewhere is a 2010 graphic novel created by writer John Arcudi, artist Peter Snejbjerg, and colorist Bjarne Hansen. The novel was first published in one paperback volume by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint. It tells the story of Eric Foster, the first human to develop superhuman abilities, through the eyes of his friends and family. Over time, Eric's powers cause him to become disconnected from and ruthless toward humanity, leading to a conflict with the US military that ends in Eric's death. The story emphasizes violence and focuses on the ways people are affected by it. Critics gave the story generally positive reviews, but noted that the subject matter was cliché and sometimes found the use of flashbacks confusing. ==Development and publication== The concept began to develop when John Arcudi read Kenneth Brower's 1978 book The Starship and the Canoe, which documents the divergent lives of physicist Freeman Dyson and his son George. Arcudi applied ideas from it to superheroes, a staple of comic books for which he has little affection. He then pitched his story to DC Comics as "this is not the story about a god- like superman. This is the story about everybody else". He wanted to offer a counterpoint to most comics and action films that avoid showing how violence changes both the victim and the victimizer. He also wanted address certain racial, religious and cultural issues he felt were underrepresented in comics. Arcudi drew inspiration from the works of theologians St. Augustine, St. Thomas Aquinas, and Friedrich Nietzsche, and some elements of the plot were inspired by the story of King Saul. The time from Arcudi's inception of the story to his final draft was about 18 months. It was initially crafted as a miniseries with editor Peter Tomasi for release through DC, but when Tomasi left the project it was repackaged as a graphic novel to be released through DC's Wildstorm imprint. The content itself was unchanged. From the beginning, Arcudi wanted to work with artist Peter Snejbjerg and colorist Bjarne Hansen after seeing their work in DC's 2004 miniseries The Light Brigade, which was written by Tomasi. They had to decline the project when they were first asked because of other commitments, so other artists were considered. However, issues unrelated to the artwork caused production on the comic to be delayed until their schedules were clear. When discussing the story with them, Arcudi had specific ideas about Eric's appearance. A God Somewhere was released to comic specialty shops and the book market on June 3, 2010. It was an unusual release for Wildstorm at the time, as the imprint had not released an original graphic novel in five years. It was advertised in the Diamond Distribution catalog with a three-page preview. Critics typically praised the story, but sales were average at best. Initial orders were estimated to be around 2,600 copies, and reorders only raised the total sales to 3,500 by the end of the year. The lackluster performance may have been due in part to the $24.99 retail price, which was higher than average for a softcover graphic novel at the time. A second edition was released in late 2011, this time as part of DC's Vertigo imprint. A German language edition was later made available in Europe through Panini Comics. In an interview given prior to publication, Arcudi said it was "hard to imagine revisiting" the story in a second volume or a prequel. ==Plot== In 1992, Sam Knowles is a new black student in a predominantly white high school. When he is attacked by other students, brothers Eric and Hugh Foster come to his rescue. The three form a strong, lasting friendship that is strained when Hugh marries Alma, a girl all three boys find attractive. Years later, Eric's apartment building mysteriously explodes, but Eric is unharmed. Sam takes Eric to a hospital where they are found by Alma. She and Hugh had split up to search for Eric, but Eric does not hear her explanation and is hurt by Hugh's absence. They see on TV that people are still trapped in the apartment rubble, and Eric rushes out of the hospital to help them. Sam follows him but is left behind when Eric leaps into the air and flies away. Eric returns to his apartment and rescues multiple survivors using superhuman strength and senses. He is caught on film by news crews, becoming an overnight sensation. Over the next few weeks, Eric uses his abilities to protect various people. He also becomes more religious, believing God is speaking through him. Sam uses his relationship with Eric to garner girls and career success in journalism. Hugh and Alma are upset by the sudden public attention and wish things would return to normal. They are also slightly afraid of what Eric has become. After a tense meeting with the President of the United States, Eric attacks his brother and rapes his sister- in-law. Hugh survives as a quadriplegic. The police arrive and Eric allows himself to be arrested. When Sam visits Eric in jail, Eric claims to have been a god in another universe. Sam wants an explanation for Eric's actions, but Eric says Sam can never understand. Eric then escapes from his cell, murdering many guards and innocent bystanders. During the next year, Eric leaves a path of destruction across the United States, killing any soldier or civilian he encounters. Sam is hired by a national magazine to travel with the military and document the effort to capture Eric. The military discovers Eric is vulnerable to lasers and is able to give him a mortal wound. Eric kills all the soldiers present and has a brief talk with Sam. Eric tries to explain his actions, but Sam does not understand. The Air Force arrives to bomb Eric, and Eric saves Sam's life by throwing him from the blast area. Eric mentally controls Sam's flight path, giving Sam a taste of what superpowers were like. Eric is killed by the bombs. Sam becomes famous for the articles he writes about Eric, and his agent pushes him to write a book. Because his articles inspired a cult devoted to Eric, Sam declines to write anymore. He visits Hugh and Alma, learning Alma still suffers from posttraumatic stress disorder. Sam leaves, deciding to move on with his life. ==Reception== A God Somewhere debuted to mostly positive reviews from critics. Many of them noted that the premise and themes were common to the comic medium, and others drew specific comparisons to Doctor Manhattan from Watchmen, Miracleman and Kid Miracleman, and Superman: Secret Identity. Despite the "well-worn" premise, Multiversity Comics felt A God Somewhere excelled in the presentation of its "complex, layered, and dialogic" themes. One theme was how different people are changed by violence, which involved emphasizing violence without sensationalizing it. Another theme was the cultural definition of heroism, which is common across Arcudi's oeuvre. Comic Book Resources liked that Arcudi left Eric's motivations ambiguous, letting readers draw their own conclusions. The relationships between the characters were frequently touched on by critics. The story is narrated in the past-tense by Sam, and Publishers Weekly felt this made Eric's development tragic rather than exciting. Comic Book Resources agreed, saying the changes he went through are surprising as they happen but seem inevitable afterward. Der Spiegel thought Arcudi handled the relationship between "unequal brothers" well, and cited A God Somewhere as proof that Arcudi is among the best writers in comics. That sentiment was shared by Seattle PI, who felt the believable characters set the work apart from other contemporary comics. The story includes a subplot focused on the racial tension caused by Sam's friendship with Eric, but it does not build to a conflict or affect the climax. Critics were torn on its inclusion, with Pop Matters and Multiversity Comics saying it gave the characters additional depth and The Outhousers seeing it as an odd choice to increase tension. The characterization of Alma was criticized by Pop Matters, who noted that her role is limited to an object of sexual desire. Arcudi used minimal dialogue throughout the book, relying on Snejbjerg to convey important parts of the story through body language and facial expressions. This tactic was cause for criticism at certain points of the story, particularly flashbacks. The primary indication that the narrative has moved between time periods is the length of Eric's hair. The transitions were described as "jarring" but effective by The Outhousers and "confusing" by Multiversity Comics, who went on to call it "a novel idea that is ineffective in practice" because Eric does not appear in every flashback scene. ==References== ==External links== * Arcudi discussing the comic at Villanova University shortly after publication (video) Category:WildStorm titles Category:2010 comics debuts Category:2010 graphic novels
33893670	A Community of Witches	A Community of Witches: Contemporary Neo-Paganism and Witchcraft in the United States is a sociological study of the Wiccan and wider Pagan community in the Northeastern United States. It was written by American sociologist Helen A. Berger of the West Chester University of Pennsylvania and first published in 1999 by the University of South Carolina Press. It was released as a part of a series of academic books entitled Studies in Comparative Religion, edited by Frederick M. Denny, a religious studies scholar at the University of Chicago. Berger became interested in studying the Wiccan and Pagan movement in 1986, when she presented a lecture on the subject at the Boston Public Library. Subsequently becoming acquainted with members of the New England Pagan community, she undertook fieldwork in both a local Wiccan coven, the Circle of Light, and a wider Pagan organisation, the EarthSpirit Community (ESC). In total, Berger underwent 11 years of fieldwork among the Pagan community. Along with ESC founder Andras Corban Arthen, Berger also undertook a "Pagan Census" survey of the U.S. in the mid-1990s to obtain more data on the country's Pagan community. A Community of Witches is based on interviews with more than a hundred practicing Wiccans and Pagans, study of the pre-existing literature on the subject and a national survey of the Pagan community in the U.S. In her work, Berger interprets Wicca as a religion of late modernity, as opposed to postmodernity, and subsequently examines it using the theories of sociologists Anthony Giddens and James A. Beckford. Themes covered include Pagan conceptions of the self, the role of covens and the wider Pagan community, the place of children in the movement and the increasing routinization of Wicca through the foundation of organised churches and clergy. Academic reviewers were mostly positive, but several raised concerns over Berger's incorrect use of terminology. Reviewers noted the study's importance in developing Pagan studies as an academic discipline and helping further the wider sociological investigation into new religious movements in the United States. In the years following the study's publication, Berger continued to investigate the Pagan community, focusing her interest on the popularity of Wicca among teenagers. ==Background== ===Paganism and Wicca in the United States=== Contemporary Paganism, also referred to as Neo-Paganism, is an umbrella term used to identify a wide variety of modern religious movements, particularly those influenced by or claiming to be derived from the various pagan beliefs of pre- modern Europe.Carpenter 1996. p. 40.Lewis 2004. p. 13. The religion of Pagan Witchcraft, or Wicca, was developed in England during the first half of the 20th century and is one of several Pagan religions. The figure at the forefront of Wicca's early development was the English occultist Gerald Gardner, the author of Witchcraft Today (1954) and The Meaning of Witchcraft (1959) and the founder of a tradition known as Gardnerian Wicca. Gardnerian Wicca revolved around the veneration of both a Horned God and a Mother Goddess, the celebration of eight seasonally-based festivals in a Wheel of the Year and the practice of magical rituals in groups known as covens. Gardnerianism was subsequently brought to the U.S. in the early 1960s by an English initiate, Raymond Buckland, and his then-wife Rosemary, who together founded a coven in Long Island.Hutton 1999 pp. 205-252.Clifton 2006. pp. 24-25 In the U.S., new variants of Wicca developed, including Dianic Wicca, a tradition founded in the 1970s which was influenced by second-wave feminism, emphasized female-only covens, and rejected the veneration of the Horned God. One initiate of both the Dianic and Gardnerian traditions was a woman known as Starhawk who went on to found her own tradition, Reclaiming Wicca. She furthermore published The Spiral Dance: a Rebirth of the Ancient Religion of the Great Goddess (1979), a book which helped spread Wicca throughout the U.S.Hutton 1999. pp. 340-351Clifton 2006. pp. 122-123 ===Academic fieldwork into Wicca=== Prior to Berger's work, several American researchers working in the field of Pagan studies had separately published investigations of the Pagan community in the United States and the United Kingdom. The first of these was the practicing Wiccan, journalist and political activist Margot Adler in her Drawing Down the Moon: Witches, Druids, Goddess-Worshippers, and Other Pagans in America Today, which was first published by Viking Press in 1979.Adler 1979. A second study was produced by the anthropologist Tanya M. Luhrmann in her Persuasions of the Witch's Craft: Ritual Magic in Contemporary England (1989), in which she focused on both a Wiccan coven and several ceremonial magic orders that were then operating in London.Luhrmann 1989. The next academic book to be published based upon fieldwork undertaken in the U.S. Pagan community was Living Witchcraft: A Contemporary American Coven, published by Praeger in 1994. Living Witchcraft had been co-written by three academics, the sociologist Allen Scarboro, psychologist Nancy Campbell and literary critic Shirley Stave, herself a Wiccan practitioner. It was based upon their fieldwork undertaken in the Ravenwood coven of Atlanta, Georgia, over several months across 1990 and 1991.Scarboro, Campbell and Stave 1994. At the same time as Scarboro, Campbell and Stave were undertaking their research, the American anthropologist and practicing Wiccan Loretta Orion was also undertaking an investigation into the Pagan movement in the East Coast and Midwest of the United States. Orion's work was published as Never Again the Burning Times: Paganism Revisited by Waveland Press in 1995, although would be heavily criticized in published reviews written by both Luhrmann and T. O. Beidelman, both of whom were of the opinion that Orion's Pagan beliefs had clouded her critical interpretation.See Orion 1995, and also Beidelman 1995 and Luhrmann 1996. 1997 then saw the publication of Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia, authored by the anthropologist Lynne Hume.Hume 1997. ===Berger and her research=== Helen Berger, then a lecturer in sociology at the West Chester University of Pennsylvania, had initially become involved in the study of the Pagan movement in preparation for a series of public lectures that she gave at the Boston Public Library in October 1986. Based on the subject of the historical witch trials that took place in New England during the early modern period, she devoted the final lecture in the series to an examination of the contemporary Pagan Witches, or Wiccans, then living in the area. Having yet to perform the sociological investigation that would culminate in A Community of Witches, Berger gained her information for this lecture from the information published in the works of Margot Adler, Starhawk and Marcello Truzzi, and also from a singular interview that she had carried out with a woman who was "peripherally associated" with Paganism. After the lecture, several audience members approached Berger to identify themselves as practicing Wiccans, and it was through them that she came into contact with the New England Pagan community.Berger 1999. pp. xiv-xv. Three of the Wiccans at the lecture invited Berger to "participate as a researcher" as they founded their own coven, the Circle of Light, and she attended their weekly meetings and festival celebrations for the next two years.Berger 1999. p. xv. At the first open Pagan ritual that she attended, Berger met Andras Corban Arthen, the founder of the EarthSpirit Community (ESC), a Pagan organization open to non-Wiccans which she joined after paying the annual membership fee of $30. Attending many of the ESC's open rituals and festivals, she was introduced to a "diverse group" of Wiccans and other Pagans, and developed a contact base in the community. Berger and Arthen subsequently embarked on a project entitled "The Pagan Census" in an attempt to gain sociological data from the Pagan community across the U.S. Receiving funding from the Faculty Development Fund at West Chester University, Berger was aided in this project by over 15 students who helped her to code and enter data for the survey. Together, Berger and Arthen wrote and distributed their survey through Wiccan and Pagan organizations across the country, as well as in journals, on the internet and at festivals. The duo received over 2000 responses, providing Berger with one of her main sources of information.Berger 1999. pp. xvi-xvii. Throughout her 11-year period of fieldwork, Berger had to use snowball sampling to retrieve her data on the Pagan community, something that she attributed to the "secrecy of groups and practitioners". She conducted formal interviews with over 40 practicing Pagans, and over 60 others instead were informally interviewed during conversations at Pagan events, following which Berger recorded their responses in her fieldnotes. She participated in rituals with ten different Wiccan covens, two of which were all-female covens, and the other eight of which were mixed-gender in structure, but all of whom assembled in the Northeastern United States.Berger 1999. pp. xv-xvi. Accepting that this regional focus might affect her results, she supplemented her fieldwork by reading literature on Paganism from across the country, concluding that "the differences among groups and practitioners within the United States are less important than the similarities."Berger 1999. p. xvi. Unlike the sociologists Margot Adler and Loretta Orion, both of whom had been or became Pagans whilst studying the movement, Berger stated that she had not joined the religion, thereby remaining an "outsider" throughout her research, but had made many friends within the Pagan community.Berger 1999. p. xvii. A Community of Witches was a part of a series of books entitled 'Studies in Comparative Religion' that were published by the University of South Carolina Press, and edited by Frederick M. Denny. In Denny's preface to the book, he remarked that it "adds significantly to the steadily growing scholarly literature" on the subject of Wicca and contemporary Paganism, being of "considerable use for our understanding of how other new religious communities are sustaining and developing themselves in the unprecedented rich tapestry of American religious pluralism."Denny in Berger 1999. p. preface. ==Synopsis== Starting with a preface in which Berger explains how she first began studying the Wiccan and Pagan community of New England, Berger opens the main part of her book with a description of a Wiccaning which she attended.Berger 1999. pp. 1-3. Proceeding to introduce both the Wiccan religion and her theoretical approach, Berger explains the British sociologist James A. Beckford's approach to the religions of late modernity as well as Anthony Giddens' theoretical approaches to modernism.Berger 1999. pp. 4-12. In the second chapter, "The Magical Self", Berger examines the ways in which Wiccans in the U.S. understand themselves, looking at sociological ideas about self-identity and utilising them in her analysis of Wiccan rituals that deal with the transformation of the self. She moves on to look at concepts of gender in the Wiccan community, both for men and women and among homosexuals.Berger 1999. pp. 26-46. The third chapter, entitled "The Coven: Perfect Love, Perfect Trust", provides an explanation of the coven system within Wicca, and the ways in which friendships are built and collapse amongst coven members, and the extent to which covens imitate family structures.Berger 1999. pp. 47-64. Chapter four, "A Circle within a Circle: The Neo-Pagan Community", looks at the wider community beyond the coven structure, interpreting it through theoretical ideas about community in late modernity. Moving on, Berger looks at ideas of community memory and community building amongst U.S. Pagans, before examining the manner in which some Pagans engage in both emancipatory politics and life politics.Berger 1999. pp. 65-81. The fifth chapter, entitled "The Next Generation", is devoted to the place of children within the Pagan community, and deals with ideas of rites of passage, attitudes towards children's sexuality and the extent to which children are involved in rituals.Berger 1999. pp. 82-99. The sixth chapter, "The Routinization of Creativity", looks at the relationship between Wicca and routinization, and examines how the anti-authoritarian ethos of the religion has been in part eroded through the creation of Pagan organisations like the EarthSpirit Community and the Circle Sanctuary, which have purchased land and led to the development of a paid clergy.Berger 1999. pp. 100-122. Finally, Berger concludes her work with a round-up of her study, and muses on the possible future for Wicca in the United States.Berger 1999. pp. 123-130. ==Arguments== ===Wicca as a religion of late modernity=== thumb|150px|The structuration theory of British sociologist Anthony Giddens played a significant influence on Berger's study. Whereas the sociologist Loretta Orion had believed that contemporary Paganism was a postmodern movement,Orion 1995. p. 102. in A Community of Witches, Berger argued against this, instead considering Wicca to be a religion of late modernity. In supporting this position, Berger turned to the work of the British sociologist of religion, James A. Beckford, who in his book Religion and Advanced Industrial Society (1989) had argued that many new religious movements reflect the characteristics of late modernity by challenging traditional definitions of religion, sharing a holistic worldview and emphasizing the development and transformation of the self.Beckford 1989. Berger stated that while "Wicca is not specifically mentioned by Beckford, it does fit the model of New Age religions that he is analyzing."Berger 1999. p. 5. Whilst accepting that elements of postmodernism can be found within Wicca, Berger argued that the religion does not "signify an epistemological break with Enlightenment thought", and that as such it was intrinsically late modernist in structure; as she related, the "emphasis on globalism, the belief in personal and social transformation, and the use of noninstrumental rationality place Wicca firmly within the Enlightenment tradition."Berger 1999. p. 6. Berger's choice of "framework for understanding Wicca within the context of late modernity" was that of structuration, a theory put forward by the English sociologist and political theorist Anthony Giddens in his book The Constitution of Society (1984).Giddens 1984. Structuration theory maintains that both structure and agency influence human beings in their choices; the former refers to the recurrent patterned arrangements which influence or limit the choices and opportunities available for an individual, whilst the latter refers to the capacity of individuals to act independently and to make their own free choices. Berger argued that whilst the beliefs and practices of Wiccans were "in part determined by social factors, such as class, race and gender", at the same time these Wiccans exerted a level of control and self-determination over their lives "both by the very act of becoming a Witch and through the self- conscious use of rituals to create a persona."Berger 1999. p. 8. ===Wicca as a result of globalism=== Berger was of the opinion that Wicca's "development and spread" could be seen as "an outgrowth of globalism". As evidence, she noted that the religion had been created by modern westerners adopting elements from a variety of "older and geographically disparate religious practices" in order to fashion their new faith, something which she believed was only possible in a globalised world. ===The future of Wicca=== Whereas Mary Jo Neitz (1991) and Nancy J. Finley (1991) had both argued that ultimately, it would be the feminist-orientated, female-only form of Wicca found in the Dianic tradition that would grow to become dominant in the United States,Neitz 1991.Finley 1991. Berger disagreed, arguing that "inclusive groups", meaning those traditions who welcome both men and women into their covens, "will ultimately prove to be more significant."Berger 1999. p. 14. She believed that this was in part because they "are more likely to include and fully involve children in their practices", something which she saw as having the likely "greatest impact" on the future of Wicca in the United States. In Berger's view, these children born into the faith would act as "maintainers of their families' practice", replacing the role that had formerly been played by neophytes in the community.Berger 1999. p. 15. ==Reception and recognition== ===Academic reviews=== In a review published in the Review of Religious Research journal, Stephen D. Glazier of the University of Nebraska described A Community of Witches as an "important study" which had "many virtues and few faults." Glazier commended it as an improvement on earlier sociological studies of contemporary Paganism, which in his opinion had dwelt on "personal experiences" and acted as something of "proselytizers for Neo-Pagan beliefs and practices." He furthermore praised Berger for "maintaining a high degree of theoretical sophistication" while still "remaining accessible for the average reader". He also expressed several criticisms, for instance noting that Berger had used the terms "Wiccan" and "Neo-Pagan" interchangeably, even though they have different meanings, something that he felt might confuse some of the book's readers.Glazier 1999. In her review of A Community of Witches published in the Sociology of Religion journal, Frances Kostarelos of the Governors State University commented positively on Berger's work, describing it as "an invaluable theoretical and descriptive account of Wicca" that is also "a fine example of ethnographic research and writing."Kostarelos 1999. Stefanie von Schnurbein of the University of Chicago described A Community of Witches as "an exciting and important approach to the study of contemporary neopaganism" in her review published in The Journal of Religion. Schnurbein believed that Berger "has an intimate knowledge of her field and makes creative and interesting use of contemporary sociological theory" but that a "discussion of the vivid cultural and theoretical controversies around gender and sexuality would have added to the theoretical value of Berger's book."Schnurbein 2000. Writing in the Contemporary Sociology journal, Tanice G. Foltz of Indiana University Northwest described A Community of Witches as "Well organized, clearly written, and aimed at an academic audience". Believing it to be a "valuable addition to the existing scholarship on witchcraft", Foltz did highlight some problems with the work, wishing that it had included an "in-depth analysis" of her Pagan Census survey and noting that it erroneously used the terms "Neo-Paganism", "Witchcraft" and "Wicca" interchangeably.Foltz 2000. In her review for the Journal for the Scientific Study of Religion, Mary Jo Neitz of the University of Missouri was more critical, arguing that Berger had generalised information from the north- eastern U.S. and claimed that it was applicable for the Pagan community across the entire country, something which Neitz felt was counter to her "own observations of Wicca."Neitz 2000. ===Wider recognition=== A Community of Witches was awarded the A List Exceptional Books of 1999 Award.Women's Studies Research Center. It was also mentioned by Canadian religious studies scholar Barbara Jane Davy in her 2007 work, Introduction to Pagan Studies, during which she listed the books on Pagan studies that had then seen publication.Davy 2007. p. 209. ==Berger's later work== The publication of A Community of Witches did not signal the end of Berger's studies on the subject of American Paganism, and over the following several years she would publish several more volumes detailing her work in this area. In 2003, she co-authored a book delving deeper into the results of the Pagan Census that she had undertaken with Andras Corban Arthen. Entitled Voices from the Pagan Census: A National Survey of Witches and Neo-Pagans in the United States, it was co- written with Leigh S. Shaffer, a fellow professor of sociology at West Chester University, and also with Evan A. Leach, then an associate professor of management at West Chester. Like A Community of Witches, Voices from the Pagan Census was published by the University of South Carolina Press in their series on 'Studies in Comparative Religion', and in his preface to the book, the series editor Frederick M. Denny referred to it as the "sequel" to Berger's earlier work.Berger, Leach and Shaffer 2003. p. xii. In their preface, Berger, Leach and Shaffer discussed the Pagan Census and how it had been used in producing A Community of Witches; they noted that at the time Berger had originally written the book, "the rest of the data had not been completely processed, cleaned, and analyzed. Unlike that book, which relied primarily on her ethnographic research in the northeastern United States and an analysis of journals, books, and newsletters written by Neo-Pagans, this one is based primarily on the survey data."Berger, Leach and Shaffer 2003. p. xvii. In 2005, the University of Pennsylvania published an edited anthology entitled Witchcraft and Magic in the New World: North America in the Twentieth Century, which had been edited by Berger.Berger 2005. In 2007, Berger's third book was published, Teenage Witches: Magical Youth and the Search for the Soul, which had been co-written with Douglas Ezzy, a senior lecturer in sociology at the University of Tasmania in Australia.Berger and Ezzy 2007. ==References== ===Footnotes=== ===Bibliography=== ;Academic books and papers * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ;Academic book reviews * * * * * * * ;Web sources * Category:1999 non-fiction books Category:Academic studies of ritual and magic Category:Sociology books Category:Religious studies books Category:Pagan studies books Category:Modern paganism in the United States Category:Wicca in the United States Category:1990s in modern paganism
33896239	A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull	A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull is the first full-length album released by Danish indie pop band Treefight for Sunlight. It was originally released in Denmark, on 4 October 2010, by independent label Tambourhinoceros. It was released in the United Kingdom under the title Treefight for Sunlight on 14 February 2011 by Bella Union. Finally, the album made its American debut, under its original title, released on 8 November 2011 by Friendly Fire Recordings. ==Reception== Reviews in both Britain and America have been mixed. Indie blog Treble called the album "a powerful and thoughtful first release from a genuinely talented quartet of musicians". Another music blog, Drowned in Sound, went so far as to say "with their debut album being so patchy, they may not be given the chance [to succeed]". Their song "Facing the Sun", and its accompanying music video, had almost universally positive reviews, as the Guardian said "the sense of joy summoned forth by the singing and music [in Facing the Sun] seemed almost preternaturally, lysergically determined". ==Track listing== # "A Dream Before Sleep" - 1:58 # "You and the New World" - 2:55 # "The Universe Is a Woman" - 2:58 # "They Never Did Know" - 3:47 # "Facing the Sun" - 3:56 # "Rain Air" - 4:09 # "Tambourhinoceros Jam" - 1:48 # "Riddles In Rhymes" - 3:16 # "What Became of You and I?" - 3:51 # "Time Stretcher" - 5:28 ==References== ==External links== *Bella Union - Treefight for Sunlight *Noripcord: Review: A Collection of Vibrations for Your Skull *Friendly Fire Recordings - Treefight for Sunlight *Treefight for Sunlight - Webpage Category:Treefight for Sunlight albums Category:2010 debut albums
33913698	A Decayed Family	{{Infobox book | name = A Decayed Family | title_orig = Захудалый род | translator = | image = | caption = | author=Nikolai Leskov | cover_artist = | country = Russia | language = Russian | series = | genre = Romantic chronicles | publisher= The Russian Messenger | release_date = 1874 | english_release_date = | media_type = Print (Paperback & Hardback) | pages = | isbn = | oclc = | preceded_by = | followed_by = }} A Decayed Family () is an unfinished novel by Nikolai Leskov, subtitled "The Family Chronicles of Princes Protazanov" (Семейная хроника князей Протозановых). Parts one and two of it were first published in the 1874 Nos. 7,8 and 10 of The Russian Messenger as part of a trilogy which also included Old Years in Plodomasovo (1869) and The Cathedral Clergy (1872). ==History== The publication of the novel has led to Leskov's severing all ties with The Russian Messenger. The main issue was the magazine's editor-in-chief Mikhail Katkov's disagreement with the author's position as regards Russian dvoryanstvo. At the time of the publication Katkov (while praising the novel's artistic qualities)N. Leskov's letter to A. Suvorin, 11 February 1888. told the members of the magazine's stuff: "We've made a mistake, this is not our man, has nothing to do with us, [his departure is] not something to be pitied."N. Leskov's letter to M. Protopopov, 23 December 1891. Outraged by editorial cuts, Leskov decided against starting upon the third part of the novel, leaving it unfinished. Leskov himself rated A Decayed Family higher than The Cathedral Clergy and The Sealed Angel, referring to it as his "most mature work".N. Leskov's letter to A. Suvorin, 2 March 1889. The publication in the magazine of parts 1 and 2 received high praise from Ivan Aksakov and Nikolay Pirogov. In 1875 A Decayed Family came out as a separate edition. "Here its second part is presented in my own version, not that of Katkov," Leskov wrote in a letter to Ivan Aksakov on March 23, 1875. As The Complete Leskov started to be published by Alexey Suvorin's publishing house, A Decayed Family was included into the Volume 6, which also featured Leskov's most radical anti-clerical essays and stories. On July 16, 1889, Leskov received the news that the whole issue of Volume 6 had been arrested by the police, which led to his first major heart attack. In July 1890 Volume 6 came out in the alternative version, A Decayed Family included. ==References== == External links == * Захудалый род by Nikolai Leskov. The original Russian text. Category:Novels by Nikolai Leskov Category:1874 Russian novels Category:Works originally published in The Russian Messenger
33952641	A Dangerous Toy	A Dangerous Toy (originally titled Il giocattolo) is a 1979 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo. It was co-produced by Sergio Leone. The toy of the title is a gun. The film chronicles how a frustrated and shy accountant may become a cruel and ruthless executioner. For his role in this film Vittorio Mezzogiorno won the Silver Ribbon for Best Supporting Actor. == Plot == The accountant Vittorio Barletta lives in Milan with his wife Ada. A friend since childhood of the industrialist Nicola Griffo, Vittorio serves him as a security carrier and as a cover for "black funds". Wounded in the course of a robbery at a supermarket, Barletta is replaced by a more aggressive former carabinieri marshal for the tasks of security guard of the Griffo. In the meantime, having made acquaintance and friendship with the agent Sauro Civera, Vittorio finds out of having a talent for pistol shooting and becomes so expert as to win shooting competitions. Robbed of his newly acquired weapon, the accountant receives a pistol as a gift from Sauro. Having gone with his policeman friend to a pizzeria, the latter recognizes a convict who reacts by killing him, but Vittorio too, after a few moments of perplexity, shoots and kills the bandit. The TV and the press cover the hero but the noise doesn't last long and doesn't bring in money. Ada is seriously ill. Vittorio is teased by Nicola, by his wife, Laura, and by the reckless daughter of the Griffos, Patrizia. Meanwhile, threats of evil are multiplying, communicated by telephone or through anonymous letters. During an ambush he shots and wounds the attackers then he spends a few days in jail. Abandoned by Nicola, who fires him after making him sign the sale of a phantom company, the accountant locks himself up in the house with the increasingly weak Ada. Then, when he can't take it anymore, Vittorio decides to humiliate the Griffos, but his dying wife is determined to stop him. == Cast == *Nino Manfredi: Vittorio Barletta *Marlène Jobert: Ada Barletta *Arnoldo Foà: Nicola Griffo *Vittorio Mezzogiorno: Sauro Civera *Olga Karlatos: Laura Griffo *Pamela Villoresi: Patrizia Griffo *Mario Brega: the robber *Luciano Catenacci: Griffo's bodyguard *Renato Scarpa: the gunsmith *Daniele Formica: Gualtiero *Arnaldo Ninchi: TV interviewer ==References== ==External links== * Category:1979 films Category:1970s crime thriller films Category:1970s action thriller films Category:Italian vigilante films Category:1970s Italian- language films Category:Films directed by Giuliano Montaldo Category:1979 crime drama films Category:Films scored by Ennio Morricone Category:Films set in Milan Category:Films with screenplays by Sergio Donati Category:1970s vigilante films Category:1970s crime action films Category:1970s Italian films
34042752	A Holy Terror	A Holy Terror is a 1931 American pre-Code Western movie starring George O'Brien, Sally Eilers, Rita La Roy, and Humphrey Bogart. The film is an adaptation by Ralph Block, Alfred A. Cohn, and Myron C. Fagan of the novel Trailin'! by Max Brand. It was directed by Irving Cummings. ==Plot== Polo player Tony Bard travels West to investigate his father's murder, and meets Jerry Foster on a Wyoming ranch. After being kidnapped, Tony escapes and discovers his true father and learns that he was raised by another man, who was in love with his mother. ==Cast== * George O'Brien as Tony Bard aka "Woodbury" * Sally Eilers as Jerry Foster * Rita La Roy as Kitty Carroll * Humphrey Bogart as Steve Nash * James Kirkwood as William Drew * Stanley Fields as Butch Morgan * Robert Warwick as John Bard aka "Thomas Woodbury" * Richard Tucker as Tom Hedges * Earl Pingree as Jim Lawler, Ranch Manager * Ralph Bucko as Wrangler (uncredited) * George Chandler as Joe, Western Union Clerk (uncredited) * Wong Chung as Cook (uncredited) * John Elliott as Sheriff (uncredited) * Bud Geary as Tony's Chauffeur (uncredited) * Otto Han as Houseboy (uncredited) * Walter Hiers as Traveling Salesman (uncredited) * Fred Kohler, Jr. as Party Guest (uncredited) * Jerry Mandy as Louie, the Barber (uncredited) * Franklin Parker as Hotel Clerk (uncredited) * Julian Rivero as Woodbury's Butler (uncredited) * Oscar Smith as Stuttering Servant (uncredited) * Slim Whitaker as Johnson (uncredited) * Jay Wilsey as Cowboy (uncredited) ==References== ==External links== * * * MaxBrandOnline.com * dvd of the film Category:1931 films Category:1931 Western (genre) films Category:1930s English-language films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American Western (genre) films Category:Films directed by Irving Cummings Category:Fox Film films Category:Films based on American novels Category:1930s American films
34051839	A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants	A Kick in the Head Is Worth Eight in the Pants is an unreleased studio album by the Bee Gees. Originally known as The Bee Gees Album, recording began in late 1972 at The Record Plant in Los Angeles around the same time as tracks for Life in a Tin Can were being recorded. Ten tracks were recorded in October 1972 and four more were recorded in January 1973 in London, England. ==History== By the end of 1972, The Bee Gees had two albums recorded and ready for release. The first to be released was Life in a Tin Can in January 1973. The first and only single from that album, "Saw a New Morning", was not a hit in the US peaking at No. 94. The parent album fared only slightly better, climbing to No. 69. When it was time to release the follow-up album, Robert Stigwood, manager of The Bee Gees and owner of RSO Records, rejected the proposed album after the failure of the lead single, "Wouldn't I Be Someone". The album was shelved, and only a few songs ever received official release. "Elisa", "Wouldn't I Be Someone" and "King and Country" were released as singles in 1973, and then again in 1990 on the box set Tales from the Brothers Gibb. Another track, "It Doesn't Matter Much to Me", was released on a budget label compilation album in the UK in 1974. That track was re-recorded for inclusion on The Bee Gees' 1974 album, Mr. Natural, but was only released as the B-side of the title track when it was released as a single. A 30-second clip of "Castles in the Air" made it on to a 1978 promotional album called The Words and Music of Barry Gibb, Robin Gibb and Maurice Gibb. ==Track listing== ===The Record Plant 1972=== # "Elisa" – 2:53 (released as the B-side of "Wouldn't I Be Someone" in June 1973) # "Wouldn't I Be Someone" – 5:44 (released as a single in June 1973 in edited form at 3:24) # "A Lonely Violin" – 3:15 # "Losers And Lovers" – 3:17 # "Home Again Rivers" – 3:18 # "Harry's Gate" – 3:30 # "Rocky L. A." – 3:54 # "Castles In The Air" – 3:41 (30-second clip released in 1978 on a RSO Records promo album) # "Where Is Your Sister" – 3:11 # "It Doesn't Matter Much To Me" – 4:29 (released on the UK compilation Gotta Get a Message to You in 1974) ===London 1973=== # "King And Country" – 5:23 (released as the B-side of "Wouldn't I Be Someone" in Germany only) # "Jesus In Heaven" – 3:26 # "Life Am I Wasting My Time" – 2:57 # "Dear Mr. Kissinger" – 4:09 ==Personnel== *Barry Gibb – vocals, rhythm guitar *Robin Gibb – vocals *Maurice Gibb – vocals, bass, piano, keyboard, guitars ;Additional personnel *Alan Kendall – lead guitar *Jim Keltner – drums ==Bootlegs== The album has been bootlegged by Drifter Records and Demon Records in Malaysia, both containing all of the above tracks. ==Cover versions== "Castles in the Air" was covered by Graham Bonnet in 1973 and included as a B-side on his "Trying to Say Goodbye" single. "A Lonely Violin" was covered by Percy Sledge in 2004 and included on the album Shining Through the Rain.Allmusic.com – Percy Sledge: Shining Through the Rain ==References== Category:Bee Gees albums Category:Unreleased albums Category:Albums produced by Barry Gibb Category:Albums produced by Robin Gibb Category:Albums produced by Maurice Gibb
34080580	A Casa das Sete Mulheres	A Casa das Sete Mulheres (English title: Seven Women) is a 2003 Brazilian miniseries. It was written by Maria Adelaide Amaral and Walther Negrão, with collaboration of Manfredi and Vincent Lucio Villari, based on the novel of the same name by Brazilian writer Letícia Wierzchowski, and directed by Teresa Lampreia, with the general direction of Jayme Monjardim and Marcos Schechtmann, and direction of core Jayme Monjardim. The miniseries had Eliane Giardini, Camila Morgado, Samara Felippo, Mariana Ximenes, Daniela Escobar, Nívea Maria and Bete Mendes as the Seven Women, and still Thiago Lacerda, Giovanna Antonelli and Werner Schünemann, as the great heroes of the Ragamuffin War, living their characters true figures, which complemented the Country's History, being the same, large national icons. == Cast == Actor Character Camila Morgado Manuela de Paula Ferreira Thiago Lacerda Giuseppe Garibaldi Giovanna Antonelli Anita Garibaldi Mariana Ximenes Rosário Thiago Fragoso Estevão Werner Schünemann Bento Gonçalves Eliane Giardini Caetana Garcia/Dona Caetana Nívea Maria Dona María Gonçalves Daniela Escobar Perpétua Marcello Novaes Inácio Samara Felippo Mariana Bete Mendes Dona Ana Joaquina Tarcísio Filho General Neto Murilo Rosa José de Almeida Corte Real Dalton Vigh Luigi Rossetti Jandira Martini Dona Antônia Ângelo Antônio Tito Lívio Zambeccari Ana Beatriz Nogueira Dona Rosa Zé Victor Castiel Chico Mascate Heitor Martinez João Gutiérrez Rosi Campos Consuelo Maurício Gonçalves Terêncio Marcos Barreto Paulo Arieta Corrêa Bárbara Juliana Paes Teiniaguá Dado Dolabella Bento Gonçalves da Silva Filho Carla Regina Tina Bruno Gagliasso Caetano Gonçalves da Silva Amandha Lee Luzia Mariah da Penha Viriata Mary Sheyla Beata André Luiz Miranda Netinho Lafayette Galvão Padre Carmo Dalla Vecchia Batista Fábio Dias Bilbao Ricardo Herriot John Griggs Oscar Simch Davi Canabarro Roberto Bomtempo Manuel Aguiar André Mattos Pedro Boticário Tarciana Saad Anahy Carla Diaz Angélica Carlos Machado Filho Leão Gonçalves da Silva Sérgio Vieira Marco Antônio Gonçalves da Silva Pedro Malta Marco Antônio Gonçalves da Silva (child) Lucas Rocha Leão Gonçalves da Silva (child) Beatriz Browne Angélica (child) Sabrina Greve Teresa Theodoro Cochrane Pedro Viviane Porto Zefina Manuela do Monte Joana Christiane Tricerri Quitéria Bukassa Kabengele Zé Pedra Douglas Simon Teixeira Nunes/Gavião Rodrigo Faro Joaquim (Quincas) Antônio Pompêo João Congo Zé Carlos Machado Anselmo Sebastião Vasconcelos Tio Antônio Othon Bastos General Domingos Crescêncio Ney Latorraca José de Araújo Ribeiro Luís Melo Bento Manuel Ribeiro José de Abreu Onofre Pires ==References== == External links == * Category:Brazilian television miniseries Category:TV Globo telenovelas Category:2003 Brazilian television series debuts Category:2003 Brazilian television series endings Category:Cultural depictions of Giuseppe Garibaldi Category:Gaucho culture
34259080	A Daughter of Eve	A Daughter of Eve is a 1919 British silent crime film directed by Walter West and starring Violet Hopson, Stewart Rome and Cameron Carr. Ronald Colman made an early screen appearance. The film is now considered a lost film. ==Cast== * Violet Hopson — Jessica Bond * Stewart Rome — Sidney Strangeways * Cameron Carr — Charles Strangeways * Ralph Forster — John Bond * Edward Banfield — Sir Hugh Strangeways * Vesta Sylva — Jessica as a Child * Ronald Colman — Minor role ==See also== *List of lost films ==References== ==External links== * *A Daughter of Eve at SilentEra Category:1919 films Category:1919 crime films Category:British crime films Category:British silent feature films Category:Broadwest films Category:Films directed by Walter West Category:Lost British films Category:British black-and-white films Category:Lost crime films Category:1910s English-language films Category:1910s British films
34333356	A Day of One Hero	is a direct-to-video film released on November 21, 2011 starring Kazuki Shimizu as himself in a mockumentary of his acting career as Don "Doc" Dogoier in the Super Sentai series Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger. The film also features cameo appearances by Tokusatsu veteran actors Yoshio Yamaguchi and Nao Nagasawa.Oricon - A Day of One Hero ==Plot== It is a typical day in the life of actor Kazuki Shimizu when a gun is found inside his bag, leading to all sorts of trouble for him. ==Cast== * * * Hana Yamanashi * Ryuga Suda * * ==References== ==External links== * Toei's official A Day of One Hero site Category:2011 direct-to-video films Category:2011 films Category:2010s Japanese-language films Category:Toei Company films
34580209	A Cowboy's Born with a Broken Heart	"A Cowboy's Born with a Broken Heart" is a song written by Chris Farren and Jeffrey Steele, and recorded by American country music band Boy Howdy. It was released in June 1993 as the second single from their album Welcome to Howdywood. The song reached number 12 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in September 1993. ==Content== The singer talks about how alone and pensive a cowboy is and has been since birth, implying that there is some mythical (if not genetic) and shared trait among cowboys that make them unique. The song emphasizes a cowboys honesty and good character while also hinting at a typical anti-social tendency. ==Chart performance== Chart (1993) Peak position ==Music video== The music video was directed by Sara Nichols and produced by Tom Forrest.Curb Records/Titles listed on music video copy ==References== Category:Songs about cowboys and cowgirls Category:1993 singles Category:1992 songs Category:Boy Howdy songs Category:Curb Records singles Category:Songs written by Jeffrey Steele Category:Songs written by Chris Farren (country musician) Category:Song recordings produced by Chris Farren (country musician)
34583915	A Chicago Punk Rock Collaboration for the Kids, Vol 1	A Chicago Punk Rock Collaboration For The Kids, Vol 1 is a 4-song EP by the Chicago Punk Rock super group The Black Sheep Band. The band's members included Jake Burns, Eric Spicer of Naked Raygun, three members of The Methadones (Dan Vapid, Mike Byrne and Sensitive Pete) and several others. Three original songs and one cover song are included on this 12" EP, which is a charity project to benefit Children's Memorial Hospital in Chicago Illinois. ==Track List== *I Could Be Into You, If You Were Into Me 2:29 ::Words and Music By Dan Vapid, Methadones Music ASCAP *Black Sheep 3:08 ::Words and Music By The Black Sheep Band, Black Sheep Band Music ASCAP *Tell Me I'm The One 1:50 ::Words and Music By Gina Knapik & Dan Knapik, The Insane Have Always Loved Me ASCAP & Gorehound Music ASCAP *Love Song 2:19 ::Words and Music By Algy Ward, Rat Scabies, Captain Sensible, Dave Vanian, Ace Records Ltd/Roudrunner Records and Music Publishing ==References== ==External links== *http://undercomm.org/ *https://web.archive.org/web/20120715020937/http://undercomm.storenvy.com/products/123868-the- black-sheep-band-volume-1-lp Category:2010 EPs Category:Punk rock EPs Category:EPs by American artists
34589053	A Fugitive from the Past	is a 1965 Japanese film starring Rentarō Mikuni and Ken Takakura and directed by Tomu Uchida. It is a detective story based on the novel Kiga Kaikyo (1962) by Tsutomu Minakami. The film is also known as "Straits of Hunger" or "Hunger Straits" (the literal translation of the original Japanese title) in English. ==Plot== Three robbers escape with loot from a heist, but during the escape, two of them are killed by the other one. Their dead bodies wash up on the shore after a maritime disaster, but a policeman, Yumisaka (Junzaburō Ban), becomes suspicious because they are not listed as passengers. The surviving robber Inukai (Rentaro Mikuni) is sheltered by a prostitute, Yae (Sachiko Hidari). In return, the robber gives her a large sum of money, and she is able to start a new life. The policeman follows Yae to Tokyo on the trail of the robber, but she refuses to cooperate with him. Many years later, Yae sees the man who had given her the money in a newspaper article. She tries to thank him, but because he has now become a respectable citizen, living under the name Tarumi, he kills her so that his secret is not known. Yumisaka, who was forced to resign from the police force because of his obsession with this case, and a young detective (Ken Takakura) pursue the clue they need to bring him to justice. Finally, as Inukai is being transported on a ferry back to face charges, he commits suicide by jumping from the boat. == Cast == * Rentarō Mikuni - Takichi Inukai aka Kyōichirō Tarumi * Sachiko Hidari - Yae Sugito * Ken Takakura - Detective Ajimura * Junzaburō Ban - Former detective Yumisaka * Kōji Mitsui - Motojima * Yoshi Katō - Yae's Father * Sadako Sawamura - Motojima's Wife * Susumu Fujita - Police Chief * Nobuo Yana - Machida * Rinichi Yamamoto - Monk * Akiko Kazami - Toshiko ==Reception== It was voted the sixth greatest Japanese film ever made by Kinema Jumpo in 1995, and the third greatest Japanese film in the same magazine in 1999. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1965 films Category:1960s Japanese-language films Category:Japanese black-and-white films Category:1960s Japanese films
34597215	A Homansu	is a 1986 Japanese film. It stars Yūsaku Matsuda, who also directed it after the planned director Yonosuke Koike dropped out due to differences with Matsuda. It is based on a manga by Marley Caribu. The title of the film is a combination of the two words aho, meaning "fool", and "performance". ==Plot== A homeless man suffering from memory loss is unbeatable in a fight. He becomes involved with the Yakuza. ==Cast== *Yūsaku Matsuda as Kaze *Ryo Ishibashi as Michio Yamazaki *Yoko Aki as Kanako *Susumu Terajima ==References== *Review of "A Homansu" by Tom Mes at Midnight Eye ==External links== * *Goo Eiga Category:Live-action films based on manga Category:Japanese action drama films Category:Films about amnesia Category:1980s Japanese films
34652840	A Dog in a Drawer	A Dog in a Drawer ( / Kuche v chekmedzhe) is a Bulgarian comedy-drama film released in 1982, directed by Dimitar Petrov, starring Veselin Prahov, Martin Stoyanov and Ruzha Delcheva. This is the first of a series of hit movies starring the child actor Veselin Prahov which turned him into a star of the Bulgarian cinema from the 1980s. A Dog in a Drawer successfully carries on the popular in Bulgaria "Childhood genre", developed in the 1970s by Mormarevi Brothers together with the present director Dimitar Petrov. The film won first prize at the “Varna Film Fest 1982” as well as an award from the “Union of the Bulgarian Writers” for the screenplay by Rada Moskova who is also the writer of the next in the series On the Top of the Cherry Tree (1984). ==Cast== In the roles of the children are: *Veselin Prahov as Dimitar Mitashki *Martin Stoyanov as Andro *Emil Dimitrov as Stefo *Lyudmila Filipova *Evgeniya Genova *Aleksandrina Pendichanska *Rositsa Stoycheva *Ani Petrova In the roles of the adults are: *Ruzha Delcheva as Andro's grandmother *Zhivko Garvanov as Stefo's father *Stefan Iliev as Mitashki's father *Ivan Yanchev as Mitashki's grandfather *Pavel Popandov as a dog trader, the bad guy *Aneta Sotirova as Andro's mother *Maria Kavardzhikova *Nadya Todorova as Dacheva ==References== ===Sources=== * * ==External links== * * A Dog in a Drawer at the Bulgarian National Television Category:1980s Bulgarian-language films Category:1982 films Category:1982 comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by Dimitar Petrov Category:Bulgarian comedy-drama films Category:Films set in Bulgaria Category:Films shot in Bulgaria
34923571	A Friend of Mine (2006 film)	A Friend of Mine (Ein Freund von mir) is a 2006 German comedy-drama film written and directed by Sebastian Schipper who is a performer as well as a director and screenwriter. The casting was held in Hamburg and filmed in Berlin, Düsseldorf, Hamburg, and Barcelona. The film tells the story of Karl (played by Daniel Brühl), an insurance executive, and his friendship with the free-spirited Hans (Jurgen Vogel) whom he meets after being assigned to spy on a questionable car rental service by his boss. The film was released in theatres in Germany on October 7, 2006 and had a budget of around €2,700,000. ==Plot== In the film Karl, a high-flying car insurance executive, is assigned menial work at a car rental agency by his boss Fernandez (Peter Kurth), ostensibly to do research but really to try to get a reaction out of Karl due to his depressive nature. There he meets Hans who is the complete opposite of him. Karl initially does not want anything to do with Hans due to his hyperactive nature and Karl's introverted lifestyle. He also does not want to get involved with Hans as Karl's time at the car rental agency is based on a lie. The two finally kick it off with Hans' perseverance to discover their common interest in fast cars which they are able to drive due to their job. Karl's lifestyle and depressive nature soon changes after he meets Hans' girlfriend Stelle (Sabine Timoteo), and they establish a kind of ménage à trois. Karl emerges from his shell thanks to Hans and the friendship they create based on fast cars and their love for Stelle. ===Key scenes=== The scenes where Karl and Hans are driving the fancy sports cars were meant to not only to represent the car culture in Germany but also to give the audience a taste of freedom, a hint of the same experience as Karl. After one particular evening the two are driving down the autobahn stark naked and upon reaching their destination Hans puts on Karl's clothes instead of his own. The two characters switching clothes is not just done for comedic purposes but also to symbolize the new “role” Karl has assumed during this assignment given to him by his ‘real’ boss back at the insurance company. He is symbolically walking in the shoes of Hans. The conversation between Karl and Stelle where they converse in Spanish in front of Hans, who doesn't speak Spanish and is unaware of what is happening, is important because it marks the point where the lonely, quiet Karl is finally stepping out of his shell and opening up. They begin by playing a game of role-play in Spanish directed by Hans. At one point in the conversation he tells her that her father must have been a thief because hers are stars that someone must have stolen from the sky. And then Karl finally confesses his love for Stelle all unbeknownst to Hans. ==Themes== ===Car culture=== In an interview, Sebastian Schipper discussed his love for cars and how he wanted to create a film to show that of Germany's car culture. He stated he was not afraid to have the image of the car-fanatical director. Germany is known for its love of cars. It has the Autobahn which allows people with fast cars to use them to their full potential. Schipper states, "In the movie [cars have] to be something authentic - you realize that cars are more than going from point A to B. Cars are true" and further describes how certain cars define certain people. The cars that Brühl and Vogel drive represent who they are and that can be said about certain citizens in Germany as well. The most popular cars being the Audi and Porsche which is "typical German" according to Schipper. ===Friendship=== The friendship between Karl and Hans is the reason behind Karl's growth as a character. The movie is heavily based on how the two get along and what they do together. Hans fuels Karl and vice versa despite the odd match up. The friendship between them also creates the theme of happiness in the moment. Karl begins to enjoy the little things in life. Hans forgives Karl for lying and realizes the friendship they have established means so much more than what it was based on. A key scene is Hans being a good friend and telling Karl to get Stelle who had moved to Spain. Together they forget their problems and live in the moment as their friendship grows. ==Artistic Methods== ===Repetitious scenes=== In order to emphasize Karl's loneliness throughout the film, the director often presents repetitive scenes with repetitious actions the character does. These repetitive scenes include the character waking up with the sound of his alarm clock in the background, his rides up the buildings elevator, and a steady shot of his quiet office as he works. ===Camera movement=== A recognizable, popular scene with exquisite camera movements from the film would be the car-driving scene; two Porsches riskily speeding down a long tunnel. The traveling shot used when following both cars from both ends, are carried with much fluidity. While the cars drive further away from the camera, the dolly-out shot is used to emphasize the speed of which they are going, as well as to symbolize the freedom the main character will soon face. ===Lighting=== In the same scene as mentioned above, the use of lighting and/or direction of lighting are presented in a way to more understand and influence the audiences’ impressions of the scene. While the characters drive naked in the Porsches, minimal light is of use, mainly showing the faces of the characters. In addition, the scene uses the effects of shadows, which may symbolize the darkly dull events of his life that he races away from. ===Sound=== Although music fills the cinematic void in a few scenes, the notions of naturalistic sounds are more of use; For example, the sounds of an empty train station or the sounds of moving cars in quiet garages. In addition, the absence of sound also is of use, emphasizing extreme loneliness of the characters feelings. === Camera shots, close-ups and proximity === All sorts of camera shots are used in the film. Some of which include extreme long shots, medium long shots, full-body shots, close-ups, medium close-up, and so on. An example of a close-up shot used in the film could be the main character's spontaneous yells while driving. By this, would emphasize pure happiness and freedom that he had not felt in a long time. ==Premiere== For the film's premiere in October 2006, Brühl and Vogel set a world record for the most red-carpet appearances in twelve hours, with six screenings in five cities - Munich, Berlin, Hamburg, Düsseldorf, and Cologne. The stars used a private plane, helicopter, and a car to get to each premiere where they walked the red carpet, signed autographs, and gave a talk to the audience. This beat a previous record set by Will Smith who had attended three premieres in the same period of time in the United Kingdom in 2004 for his film Hitch. ==Soundtrack== The soundtrack mixed acoustic rock and electronic music and included tracks by Gravenhurst, Talk Talk, Savath & Savalas and International Pony. Variety praised its quality. The musical landscape of this film is somewhat barren with very thin textures, often playing up the silence as a parallel to the quiet, isolated nature of main character Karl. Schipper specifically chose to use the music from the English band Gravenhurst because of their unique sound which is “a bit like Morriessey, sad, but still rocking.” Also used in the score for this film is the Lieder by Mahler, “ich bin der Welt abhanden gekommen” (I am lost to the world). ==Critical reception== Variety, while praising one scene between Daniel Brühl and Sabine Timoteo, said "the otherwise mundane script fails to make any genuinely insightful inroads into character. " Spiegel Online called it "a beautiful film about young people, a poetic love story and a delicious comedy about car fetishism". As for the audiences’ critical reception of the film, the average users of the movie-rating website known as Rotten Tomatoes by Flixster positively rated A Friend of Mine (Ein Freund von mir) a 74%, critically suggesting that although it was an amusing, “quirky movie about an unlikely friendship between a social misfit and a social conformist, [there was] no real message to the film”. Another average user of Rotten Tomatoes suggested that “It was slightly entertaining […]. It's interesting too, but also somewhat dull. But otherwise it is indeed a fun flick, with dry sarcastic humor and so on”. The average users of another movie-rating website known as www.IMDb.com rated the film a 6.9/10. A review written by registered user positively opinionated and suggested that “the movie is almost entirely devoted to showing the development of their friendship and the numerous tests it has to pass. […] the director keeps an excellent balance between dialog and visuals throughout the whole movie - it is neither dialog-heavy nor does it shy away from showing very authentic conversations when they are necessary”. However, negative responses of the film were also opinionated by a user stating that “the story line is extremely uneventful and the characters unconvincing”. ==Cast== * Daniel Brühl - Karl * Jürgen Vogel - Hans * Sabine Timoteo - Stelle * Peter Kurth - Fernandez * Michael Wittenborn - Naumann * Oktay Özdemir - Theo * Steffen Groth - Frank * Jan Ole Gerster - Cornelius ==Crew== * Director - Sebastian Schipper * Writer - Sebastian Schipper * Line Producer - Marcos Kantis * Producer - Maria Köpf, Tom Tykwer * Executive Producer - Sebastian Zühr * Cinematography - Oliver Bokelberg * Film Editing - Jeffrey Marc Harkavy * Casting - Nessie Nesslauer ==References== 8.^ Chữa thoát vị đĩa đệm (in Vietnam),Retrieved 2019-01-15 ==External links== * * Archive Download Info Category:2006 films Category:2000s German-language films Category:2000s buddy comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by Sebastian Schipper Category:German comedy-drama films Category:2006 comedy films Category:2006 drama films Category:Films shot in Hamburg Category:Films shot in Düsseldorf Category:Films shot in Berlin Category:Films shot in Barcelona Category:2000s German films
34933447	A Jamaâ	A Jamaâ () is a 2010 film directed by Daoud Aoulad-Syad. It was selected by African Film Festival of Cordoba - FCAT, San Sebastián International Film Festival and other international film festivals. == Plot == To make Daoud Aoulad-Syad's previous film, En attendant Pasolini, sets were built on plots rented from those living in the village. A mosque was erected on the plot belonging to Moha, one of the neighbors. When they finished shooting, the film crew left the village. The neighbours demolished all of the sets, except for the mosque, which had become a real place of worship for those who live there. However, this is disastrous for Moha, who used to grow vegetables to feed his family on this land. == Prizes == * Cinemed 2010 * San Sebastián 2010 * Tetuan 2011 == References == ==External links== * *San Sebastián International Film Festival *Medfilm Festival 2011 Category:2010 films Category:French comedy- drama films Category:Moroccan comedy-drama films Category:2010s French films
34988968	A Desperate Man	"A Desperate Man" is the 13th episode of the ninth season of the American crime drama television series NCIS, and the 199th episode overall. It originally aired on CBS in the United States on January 10, 2012. The episode is written by Nicole Mirante-Matthews and directed by Leslie Libman, and was seen by 21.03 million viewers. ==Plot== NCIS investigates the death of Navy lieutenant Maya Burris, whose body was found at a studio apartment. However their investigation is hindered by her husband Detective Nick Burris, who tries to take over the case then breaks into the crime scene to solve it himself. After Ray stands her up at dinner the previous night, Ziva begins to think about her future with him, and has a life-changing decision to make when Ray apologises by asking her to marry him. The case takes a complex turn when they learn that Maya Burris worked in Pakistan and had recently confronted Barry Norton, a recently fired co-worker (revealed to have leaked classified intel to terrorists) for using her I.D. to access files. However, when Norton turns up dead in an orchestrated car crash in D.C. the following night, they begin to question if the lieutenant was just collateral damage. After finding Rays phone number in the victims phone logs, Ziva confronts him when the realises he stood her up to kill Norton. Ray reveals that he was supposed to assassinate Norton in Pakistan but he botched the op and Norton escaped, and rather than let him escape Ray tracked him to D.C. and made 2 attempts to kill him: the first attempt he accidentally killed Lieutenant Burris, the second when he tampered with the car. Ziva realizes she no longer feels she can trust him, and dumps him. Gibbs informs her that the C.I.A. confirmed that by killing Norton on American soil, Ray violated orders and will be fired and imprisoned. ==Production== thumb|upright|Enrique Murciano guest starred as Ziva's boyfriend Ray Cruz."A Desperate Man" is written by Nicole Mirante- Matthews and directed by Leslie Libman. According to executive producer Gary Glasberg, "Ziva has been going through some decisions and choices, just as Tony has. With this week’s episode, Ray is going to return, and she’s going to have to face some decisions of her own and figure out exactly what’s going on with that relationship. This was an opportunity to tease that and bring it all up to the surface". Ziva's relationship with Ray Cruz was last seen in the episode "Pyramid" back in season 8. "[Ray] is coming off of a long assignment, and there are professional things going on with him, and personal things going on with him, and it’s all going to get dealt with and come to a head in this episode". As for Tony, "[he] wants Ziva to be happy. "He’s protective of her and cares about her and has feelings for her, and, at the end of the day, wants to make sure that she’s safe and happy with the direction of her life. There’s some protective nature that goes along with that, and I think some of that is what you were picking up on [at the end of the last episode]". Brian Dietzen (as Jimmy Palmer) and Enrique Murciano (as Ray Cruz) are recurring in this episode. ==Reception== "A Desperate Man" was seen by 21.03 million live viewers following its broadcast on January 10, 2012, with a 12.6/19 share among all households, and 4.1/11 share among adults aged 18 to 49. A rating point represents one percent of the total number of television sets in American households, and a share means the percentage of television sets in use tuned to the program. In total viewers, "A Desperate Man" easily won NCIS and CBS the night, while the spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles drew second and was seen by 16.60 million viewers. Compared to last week's episode "Housekeeping", "A Desperate Man" was up a bit in viewers. This episode ended up being the most watched of season 9. Steve Marsi from TV Fanatic gave the episode 4.5 (out of 5) and stated that it was "another solid episode overall. I'd like to see the team members involved in more steady relationships — either with each other or outsiders — that don't involve murderers, but no complaints". ==References== Category:2012 American television episodes Category:NCIS (season 9) episodes
35203893	A Joyful Noise (Gossip album)	A Joyful Noise is the fifth and final studio album by American indie rock band Gossip, released on May 11, 2012, by Columbia Records. The album was produced by Xenomania founder Brian Higgins. ==Critical reception== A Joyful Noise received generally mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 60, based on 24 reviews, which indicates "mixed or average reviews". Andy Gill of The Independent gave the album four out of five stars, writing that "the involvement of Brian Higgins on A Joyful Noise enables the group to break new ground with confidence". The Guardians Caroline Sullivan gave the album three out of five stars and stated that "it's Girls Aloud producer Higgins to the rescue, with a sound influenced by Abba and Madonna. Having said that, Gossip—especially Beth Ditto, in waspishly fine voice here—seem very much at home with it." However, Priya Elan of NME felt that "[g]ood moments are squandered by unsatisfying choruses and/or weak lyrics." The Independent on Sundays Simon Price expressed that after a few years of career, Ditto "already feels like a footnote", adding that the band pairing up with Higgins "should be a stroke of genius, but Higgins has caught Ditto & co at a point where they appear to have disastrously lost their fire." ==Commercial performance== A Joyful Noise debuted at number 100 on the Billboard 200, selling 5,000 copies in its first week. In Europe, the album debuted at number 47 on the UK Albums Chart with first-week sales of 2,822 copies, while reaching number one in Switzerland, number two in Germany, number three in France, number four in Austria and number eight in Belgium. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Credits adapted from the liner notes of A Joyful Noise. ===Gossip=== * Beth Ditto – vocals * Hannah Blilie – drums, percussion * Nathan Howdeshell – live bass, guitars, keyboards, programming ===Additional musicians=== * Jeremy Sherrer – additional percussion * Brian Higgins – additional programming ; additional composition * Luke Fitton – additional programming * Owen Parker – additional programming * Toby Scott – additional programming ; additional composition * Matt Gray – additional programming * Joshua Jenkin – additional programming * Sam Martin – additional programming * Jerry Bouthier – additional programming * Andrea Gorgerino – additional programming * Fred Falke – additional programming ; additional composition * Jason Resch – additional programming ; additional composition * Kieran Jones – additional programming ; additional composition ===Technical=== * Brian Higgins – production ; mixing * Gossip – additional production * Toby Scott – special production assistance, engineering ; mixing * Jeremy Sherrer – engineering * Ben Taylor – recording engineering assistance * Matt Gray – mixing * Rich Costey – mixing * Chris Kasych – logic engineering * Serban Ghenea – mixing * John Hanes – engineering for mix * Phil Seaford – engineering assistance * Tom Coyne – mastering ===Artwork=== * Rankin – photography * Mike Larremore – additional photography * Jeri Lynn – art direction ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Weekly chart performance for A Joyful Noise Chart (2012) Peak position Argentine Albums (CAPIF) Note: Define search parameters as "Ranking Semanal Pop" and "20/05/2012". 10 Canadian Albums (Nielsen SoundScan) 87 Greek Albums (IFPI) 39 ===Year-end charts=== Year-end chart performance for A Joyful Noise Chart (2012) Position Austrian Albums (Ö3 Austria) 53 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 59 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Wallonia) 92 French Albums (SNEP) 62 German Albums (Offizielle Top 100) 36 Swiss Albums (Schweizer Hitparade) 42 ==Certifications== ==Release history== Release dates and formats for A Joyful Noise Region Date Format Edition Label Germany May 11, 2012 Standard Sony Ireland Columbia France May 14, 2012 Sony United Kingdom Columbia Australia May 18, 2012 Sony United States May 22, 2012 Columbia Japan June 13, 2012 CD Sony Germany November 2, 2012 Extended ==References== Category:2012 albums Category:Columbia Records albums Category:Gossip (band) albums
35235985	A Buddy Story	A Buddy Story is a 2010 independent film directed by Marc Erlbaum. It stars Gavin Bellour, Mad Men’s Elisabeth Moss and Matisyahu, a popular American reggae and alternative rock musician who makes his screen debut in the movie. In early 2012, Warner Brothers acquired the rights for the video-on-demand release of A Buddy Story. ==Plot== Buddy Gilbert (Gavin Bellour) is a struggling musician living in NYC. He spends his days touring the northeast with his pet turtle, playing community centers, dive bars and coffee shops because, he says, it beats a 9-to-5. One day, Buddy overhears his neighbor Susan (Elisabeth Moss) get in a particularly bad argument with her boyfriend and, although he barely knows her, he finds himself taking her out for some cheer-me-up ice cream. When Buddy is leaving the following day for a tour, Susan asks if she can tag along, if for no other reason than to get out of the city a while. Hesitant at first, Buddy obliges, and finds himself spending a week traveling around with someone who, just days before, was no more than "the girl on the other side of the wall". From a rough biker bar to a 100-year-old birthday party and other odd stops along the way, record label rejections to family connections, Buddy and Susan make their way from NYC to Philadelphia's Main Line, and they come to realize that it's not the road's end that matters, but rather the road itself. ==Cast== *Gavin Bellour as Buddy *Elisabeth Moss as Susan *Lee Garlington as Susan's Mom *Matisyahu as Chassid *Annabelle Gurwitch as Rita *Tovah Feldshuh as Buddy's Mom *Tim Guinee as Pete *Dick Latessa as Grandfather *Catherine A. Callahan as Fiona *Geoffrey Wigdor as Raging Randy *Toni Romano as Diner Waitress *Maureen Torsney-Weir as Bar Owner *Michael Elian as the Handimart Cashier *Stink Fisher as Biker *Richard Alliger as Bartender *Anne Gray Butler as Old Lady *Ginny Graham as Greta *Peter Patrikios as AAA Guy *Sarah Megan Thomas as Dara *Annie McCain Engman as Bar Patron ==Film festivals== * Premier, 19th Philadelphia Film Festival in October 2010. * Selection, 2011 Heartland Film Festival, Indianapolis, Indiana. * Selection, 2011 Gig Harbor Film Festival, Gig Harbor, Washington. ==Music== * "Just Not Fair" by Gavin Bellour * "New York City" by Teddy Goldstein * "Cha Coal" by Chris Falson * "Milk & Honey" by Gavin Bellour * "I Don’t Wanna" by Marc Erlbaum * "Backseat" by Teddy Goldstein * "Tomorrow" by Martin Charnin & Charles Strouse * "Psalms For Lovers Without Lovers" by Gavin Bellour & Million/Billion * "Peabody" by Teddy Goldstein * "Carried Away" by Marc Scibilia * "Walls" by Marc Erlbaum * "I've Been Knockin" by Chris Falson * "Sin Atra" by Chris Falson * "You Made Me Love You" by Joseph McCarthy & Jimmu Monaco * "Be Set Free" by Josh Garrels & Brad Corrigan * "The Alphabet Song" by Gavin Bellour & Dr. Seuss ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2010 films Category:2010 directorial debut films Category:2010 independent films Category:American independent films Category:2010s English- language films Category:2010s American films
35265700	A Kind of Alchemy	A Kind of Alchemy is the second studio album from the alternative/progressive rock band byron. Released on 23 October 2009 at The Silver Church Club in Bucharest. It contains two singles, "Diggin' a Hole" and "King Of Clowns". ==Music== A Kind Of Alchemy contains blues, progressive and funk influences. Dan Byron said that "the mood is nocturnal, rather intimate, sometimes playful or even exuberant", and the album as a whole deals with the "process of creation, ranging from madness to zen". One part of the album has an extra sensitivity, another part is more aggressive, with a clear rhythm section. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;byron *Dan Byron – vocals, acoustic guitar, flute, melodica *Costin Oprea – electric guitar *Cristi Mateşan – drums *6fingers – keyboards, backing vocals, rhodes, accordion *Vladimir Săteanu - bass ;Additional musicians *René Popescu - violin *Ana Ghiţă - violin *Alexandra Toader - viola *Alexandru Gorneanu - cello *Petre Ionuţescu - trumpet *Jane D. - backing vocals on "A Little Bit Deranged" *Lu Cozma - backing vocals on "War" ;Production *Produced by byron and A&A; Records *Mixed and mastered by Victor Panfilov at Real Sound & Vision ==References== Category:Byron (band) albums Category:2009 albums
35267146	A Bashful Bigamist	A Bashful Bigamist is a 1921 short silent film that was unknown and thought to be a lost film, but a copy was found in the New Zealand Film Archive in 2009. The film is currently viewable on the National Film Preservation Foundation website without a musical score. ==Sources== * New Zealand Academy of Motion Picture Arts * National Film Preservation Foundation Category:1921 films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1920s rediscovered films Category:1921 comedy films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Rediscovered American films Category:1920s American films
35293663	A Coin in Nine Hands	A Coin in Nine Hands () is a 1934 novel by the French writer Marguerite Yourcenar. A reworked edition was published in 1959. ==See also== * 1934 in literature * 20th-century French literature ==References== Category:1934 French novels Category:Novels by Marguerite Yourcenar Category:Éditions Grasset books
3537785	A Illa de Arousa	A Illa de Arousa () is the only island municipality in Galicia, Spain in the province of Pontevedra. It is located in the heart of the Ria de Arousa. According to 2021 INE the island's population was 4,951 inhabitants. The population is divided into several neighborhoods, and places of interest are the lighthouse's environment, the island of Areoso (close to the Illa de Arousa) and Carreirón Natural Park, which is listed as a special protection zone for heron birds populations among other birds that inhabit the island. The Holy viewpoint is the highest point on the island. "San Xulián da Illa de Arousa" is the only parish in this island. Some of its beaches are the following ones: A Area da Secada, A Lavanqueira, O Vao, Camaxe, Carreirón, Espiñeiro and O Cabodeiro. A Illa de Arousa has five ports. Xufre is the most important and the other important docks include O Campo, Chazo and Cabodeiro. == Etymology == According to E. Bascuas, "Arousa", registered as insulam Arauza in 899, would belong to the old European hydronymy, and is derived from the Indoeuropean root *er- 'flow, move'.Cf. pp. 540 y 541 de "La Hidronimia de Galicia: tres estratos ..". http://www.mondonedoferrol.org/estudios- mindonienses/MINDONIENSES%2024%20[protegido].pdf == See also == * List of islands of Spain * IGAFA ==References== ==External links== *Concello da Illa de Arousa Townhall of Arousa Island *Arousa *A Illa de Arousa - Paraíso Natural en Galicia Category:Municipalities in the Province of Pontevedra Category:Islands of Galicia (Spain)
35444680	A Harp in Hock	A Harp in Hock, also known as The Samaritan, is a lost 1927 American silent melodrama film directed by Renaud Hoffman, produced by DeMille Pictures, and distributed by Pathé Exchange. The film starred Rudolph Schildkraut, Junior Coghlan, May Robson, and Bessie Love, and was based on the short story by Evelyn Campbell. == Plot == In New York City, pawnbroker Isaac Abrams (Schildkraut) must take in an orphaned immigrant boy Tommy (Coghlan) after his mother (Bartlett) dies. Tommy assists at the pawn shop and goes to school, but after a fight with a bully, the bully's mother Mrs. Banks (Robson) reports him to authorities and has him sent to an orphanage. Tommy escapes and returns to New York, where he upsets Mrs. Banks and a riot breaks out, but Abrams then adopts Tommy. == Cast == == Reception == The film received positive reviews, particularly the performances of Schildkraut and Coghlan. == References == == External links == * * * * * Window card from the film * Still at gettyimages.com Category:1927 drama films Category:1927 lost films Category:1927 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Films set in New York City Category:Films with screenplays by Sonya Levien Category:Lost American films Category:Lost drama films Category:Pathé Exchange films Category:Films directed by Renaud Hoffman Category:1920s American films
35456304	A Good Librarian Like a Good Shepherd	A Good Librarian Like a Good Shepherd, known in Japan as , is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by August and released on January 25, 2013 for Windows as a DVD. The gameplay in Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the five female main characters by the player character. A fan disc for Windows titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Hōkago Shippo Days was released in August 2013. A second, adult fan disc titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Dreaming Sheep was released in March 2014. A PlayStation Vita port of the original game and fan discs featuring additional content was released in February 2015. There have been five manga adaptations based on the game published by ASCII Media Works, Ichijinsha, Kadokawa Shoten and Media Factory. Comic anthologies and light novels were also published, as were several music albums. An anime television series adaptation animated by Hoods Entertainment and Felix Film aired between October and December 2014. ==Gameplay== thumb|left|250px|Text in Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai is displayed in a dialog box, here depicting the player character Kyōtarō (center-left) talking with other characters. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai is a romance visual novel in which the player assumes the role of Kyōtarō Kakei. Much of its gameplay is spent reading the text that appears on the screen, which represents the story's narrative and dialogue. The text is accompanied by character sprites, which represent who Kyōtarō is talking to, over background art. Throughout the game, the player encounters CG artwork at certain points in the story, which take the place of the background art and character sprites. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai follows a branching plot line with multiple endings, and depending on the decisions that the player makes during the game, the plot will progress in a specific direction. There are five main plot lines that the player will have the chance to experience, one for each of the heroines in the story. Throughout gameplay, the player is given multiple options to choose from, and text progression pauses at these points until a choice is made. Some decisions can lead the game to end prematurely and offer an alternative ending to the plot. To view all plot lines in their entirety, the player will have to replay the game multiple times and choose different choices to further the plot to an alternate direction. Throughout gameplay, there are scenes depicting Kyōtarō and a given heroine having sex. ==Plot== Set in the vast and prestigious , Kyōtarō Kakei is a student and the only member of the . When Kyōtarō was young, he aspired to read all the magic books in the world which were kept in the magic library. He was given a bookmark by a shepherd, which was his entry ticket to access the magic library. He must show kindness and bring happiness to people he encounters. As the sole member of the Library Club, he enjoys the fact that he can read peacefully by himself. After receiving a text from the 'shepherd', which reads his fate is going to change, Kyōtarō encounters a second-year girl named Tsugumi Shirasaki, whom he saves at the train station. Later that day, Tsugumi enters the Library Club, she thanks him, and asks for his help to make Shiomi Academy a more enjoyable place. Like Kyōtarō, Tsugumi has also received a text from the shepherd. With the shepherd's guidance, more students end up joining their group. ==Characters== ===Main characters=== ; : (anime) :Kyōtarō is a second- year student majoring in humanities. He is a bookworm, and is often seen reading a book in public. He was originally the sole member of the Library Club. Kyōtarō likes to help others and is a kind, collected person. He is the object of affection for most of the girls in his club and doesn't seem aware until Tsugumi's confession and noticing the other girl's affections. ; : (PC), Madoka Yonezawa (anime) :Tsugumi is a girl with long reddish brown hair tied in twintails, whom Kyōtarō encounters at the train station. She later becomes the official leader of the Library Club. She is good at sewing and cooking. Tsugumi makes it her job to make lunch for the others every day. She has feelings for Kyōtarō and confesses to him in episode 10. ; : (PC), Yuka Saitō (anime) :Tamamo is a girl with very long black hair tied into a ponytail, and is Tsugumi's best friend. She becomes a member of the Library Club. She is the type who gets jealous easily. Tamamo is quite independent, as she lives alone in a luxury apartment, and has high practical skills. She develops feelings for Kyōtarō after he helps her overcome a need to work and she sees his kind side. ; : (PC), Nozomi Yamamoto (anime) :Senri is a girl with short, pretty lilac-colored hair. She becomes a member of the Library Club. Most of the time, she is expressionless, and seems to have a cool attitude. Senri is a talented singer, and at one time, she won a national contest. She enjoys crossword puzzles, though she is not necessarily very good at it. She develops feelings for Kyōtarō when he persuades her to make her own path. ; : (PC), Eri Sendai (anime) :Kana is a girl with long, wavy blonde hair with a white Alice band, and is a member of the Library Club. She has a bright, polite personality. She has a part time job as a waitress. Kana has a mild allergy to cats, so she cannot come into close contact with one. She develops feelings for Kyōtarō after he advises her to truly be herself. ; : (PC), Atsumi Tanezaki (anime) :Nagi is a girl with short reddish hair, tied into twintails. She is a member of the Library Committee, not a member of the Library Club. She lives next door to Kyōtarō, making them next door neighbors. It is later revealed that she is Kyōtarō's half-sister, from whom he was separated many years prior; they were born from the same father, but different mothers. Despite initial attempts to impede him on being a Shepherd, she shows that she truly cares for him. ===Secondary characters=== ; : (PC), Showtaro Morikubo (anime) :Ikkei is Kyōtarō's classmate and best friend, who joins the Library Club. He used to be part of the karate club, but had to quit because of a foot injury. He is aware that all the girls prefer Kyōtarō and is jealous of it. Nonetheless, he is a good friend to Kyōtarō and is pleased the club has a good effect on him. ; : (PC), Saki Nakajima (anime) :Maho is a girl with long white hair, and is the student council president. She is often trying to get Kyōtarō to join the student council, suggesting that she has feelings for Kyōtarō. ; : :Miyu is a girl with long pink hair. She is a member of the broadcasting unit and drama club. ; : (PC), Miyu Kashiwagi (anime) :Sayumi is a short girl with long, light blue hair. She wears a hat at all times, which she slams on the floor whenever she's angry. She is shown to be fond of first-person shooter games. ; : (PC), Kei Mizusawa (anime) :Aoi is a girl with long blue hair in a low ponytail. She is the student council vice president. ; : (PC), Yō Taichi (anime) :Sayori is the sickly younger sister of Tsugumi. Despite being ill, she has a bright, positive personality, like her sister. ; : (PC), Satoshi Tsuruoka (anime) :Gizaemon or as he is called Giza, is a fat, male cat with a black and white coat. He is seemingly a stray cat that wandered into the school library and is often seen hanging out with the club members. He is particularly close to Takamine who is often seen holding him. He is very perverted, as he poked fun at Kana's small bust and seems interested in well- endowed girls like Kodachi. ; :The shepherd is well known throughout the school, and is rumored to appear in front of those who are working hard, and grant wishes. ; : (PC), Taiten Kusunoki (anime) :Nanai is the man whom Kakei met in his childhood, and was the one who gave him the way to the magic library. In the present day, he is Kodachi's supervisor, and though he initially didn't approve her acts of indirectly forming the library club for Kakei, he comes to see they had a good effect on him. He is later revealed to be the biological father of both Kyōtarō and Kodachi. ===Hōkago Shippo Days=== ; :Kei Kirishima is a cat lover. ; : :Nozomi is a girl with long light pink hair, she is Kei's childhood friend and lives in the same apartment as him. ; : :Sakuya is a girl with long brown hair, and is also a childhood friend of Kei's. She has a very straightforward and honest personality. Sakuya is good when it comes to housework. ==Development and release== Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai is the ninth title developed by the visual novel developer August, after their previous titles such as Fortune Arterial and Aiyoku no Eustia. The project was overseen by game director Rune, and the scenario was written by three people: Taku Sakakibara, Hiroyuki Uchida, and Hideaki Anzai. Character design and art direction for the game was provided by Bekkankō, and CG supervision was handled by Michi. The game's background music was produced by members of Active Planets. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai was released on January 25, 2013 as a DVD for Windows as a limited edition version. The regular edition was released on January 31, 2014. A fan disc for Windows titled , rated for ages 15 and older, was initially sold at Comiket 84 on August 10, 2013 and later for general sale on January 31, 2014. An adult fan disc for Windows titled was released on March 28, 2014. A PlayStation Vita port of the original Windows game and the two fan discs under the title Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Library Party was released on February 15, 2015. The port also contains additional content, such as the addition of a new heroine. ==Adaptations== ===Print media=== A manga adaptation, titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai and illustrated by Akane Sasaki, began serialization in the May 2012 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki G's Magazine. The manga ended serialization in the magazine's May 2014 issue and continued serialization in Dengeki G's Comic between the June 2014 and January 2015 issues. The first volume of Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai was released on November 27, 2012; two volumes have been released as of July 27, 2013. A second manga, titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: The Little Lutra Lutra and illustrated by Shiroi Kusaka, was serialized between the July 2012 and June 2013 issues of Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq. Two volumes of The Little Lutra Lutra were released between December 26, 2012 and June 6, 2013. A third manga, titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Lovely Librarians and illustrated by Rico, began serialization in the September 2012 issue of ASCII Media Works' Dengeki Hime. The first volume of Lovely Librarians was released on March 15, 2013; two volumes have been released as of December 12, 2013. A fourth manga, titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Library 4 You and illustrated by Wasabi, began serialization in the October 2012 issue of Ichijinsha's Manga 4-koma Palette. The first volume of Library 4 You was released on July 22, 2013. A fifth manga, titled and illustrated by Norio Tsukudani, was serialized between the November 2012 and October 2013 issues of Media Factory's Monthly Comic Alive. Two volumes of Hitoribotchi no Diva were released between February 23 and October 23, 2013. Ichijinsha published two volumes of a manga anthology illustrated by various artists titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Comic Anthology between April 25 and June 25, 2013. A 56-page "super prelude" book for Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai was published by Enterbrain on July 27, 2012. A light novel titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Overture, written by Noritake Tao and illustrated by Bekkankō, was published by Enterbrain on August 30, 2012. A 63-page Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai heroine profile book was published by Kadokawa Shoten on December 20, 2012. Enterbrain published two volumes of a light novel series adaptation of Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai, written by Noritake Tao and illustrated by Masao Aona, with cover illustrations by Bekkankō, between January 30 and April 30, 2013. Enterbrain also published a 320-page visual fan book on June 28, 2013, consisting of detailed story explanations, character introductions, rough illustrations, stage commentaries and interviews from the staff and cast. ===Anime=== An anime television series adaptation animated by Hoods Entertainment and Felix Film aired in Japan between October 8 and December 24, 2014. An original video animation episode was bundled with the first DVD and Blu-ray compilation volumes released on December 25, 2014. The direction, character design and animation direction is shared by five people under the collective name Team Nico: Ken'ichi Konishi, Tomomi Kamiya, Asami Sodeyama, Kaori Hayashi and Yū Nobuta. The screenplay is written by Kiyoko Yoshimura and the music is produced by Active Planets. The anime has been licensed for streaming in North America by Funimation, and was released on Blu-ray and DVD on July 12, 2016. ====Episode list==== ==Music== Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai has nine pieces of theme music: two opening themes, two ending themes, and five insert songs. The first opening theme is by Ceui, and the second opening theme is by Hagumi Nishizawa. The sub ending theme is "Dear Smile" by Ceui and the main ending theme is by Nishizawa. The insert songs are credited to the five heroines: by Tsugumi Shirasaki, by Tamamo Sakuraba, by Senri Misono, by Kana Suzuki, and by Nagi Kodachi. The opening theme for Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Dreaming Sheep is by Mitsuki Nakae. The first ending theme is , also by Mitsuki, and the second ending theme is by Wagumi Nishizawa. The single for "Straight Sheep", which also contains "Yume Kai Biyori", was released on August 24, 2012. The single for "Ashita e no Shiori", which also contains "Dear Smile", was released on January 25, 2013. An image song album titled Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Vocal Collection was released on March 29, 2013. The game's original soundtrack was released on May 24, 2013 in a three-disc collection containing 41 tracks. The anime has two pieces of theme music. The opening theme song is "On my Sheep" by Mitsuki Nakae, and the ending theme song is by Hagumi Nishizawa. ==Reception== In 2012, Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai ranked four times in the top ten in national PC game pre-orders in Japan. The rankings were at No. 4 in September, No. 3 in October, and twice at No. 2 in November and December. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai ranked first in terms of national sales of PC games in Japan in January 2013. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai was No. 1 in the 2013 sales ranking on Getchu.com, a major redistributor of visual novel and domestic anime products. The game maintained first place in sales ranking for the month of its release, and in February the ranking dropped down to No. 11. The fan disc, Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Dreaming Sheep, ranked at No. 1 in sales for March 2014. In April 2014, Dreaming Sheep ranking in sales dropped down to No. 20. In January 2013, Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai was voted No. 1 in Getchu's Bishōjo Game Awards as the best game of the month. It was voted as the best overall title of 2013, and ranked fourth in the vote results for the best scenario. Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai has also been ranked third in the 2013 game ranking for system, third in the 2013 game ranking for graphics, first place in the 2013 game ranking for music, and second in the 2013 game ranking for best movie. In the 2013 character poll held on Getchu, Suzuki Kana was voted No. 2, Kodachi Nagi at No. 12, and Ureshino Sayumi at No. 20. ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== *Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai at August *Daitoshokan no Hitsujikai: Library Party official website * Anime official website * * * Category:2013 video games Category:Anime television series based on video games Category:ASCII Media Works manga Category:Bishōjo games Category:Dengeki Comics Category:Dengeki G's Magazine Category:Eroge Category:Famitsu Bunko Category:Funimation Category:Felix Film Category:Harem anime and manga Category:Hoods Entertainment Category:Ichijinsha manga Category:Japan-exclusive video games Category:Kadokawa Dwango franchises Category:Kadokawa Shoten manga Category:Media Factory manga Category:OVAs based on video games Category:PlayStation Vita games Category:Romance anime and manga Category:Romance video games Category:School life in anime and manga Category:Seinen manga Category:Tokyo MX original programming Category:Urban fantasy anime and manga Category:Video games developed in Japan Category:Visual novels Category:Windows games Category:August (company) games
35471548	A Confusion of Princes	A Confusion of Princes is a young adult novel written as a standalone space opera by author Garth Nix. The book was published on May 15, 2012, by HarperCollins. The novel takes place in an intergalactic empire, run by an aristocracy of highly trained and telepathic individuals called princes. These princes are screened by the empire and taken away from their families at a young age, then trained in isolation until they reach adulthood. Each prince is supported by a staff of priests, who can telepathically communicate with the princes. ==Plot summary== The story introduces Khemri, a Prince, as he finishes his training and reaches adulthood. Khmeri believes he is destined for a life of luxury and freedom, however, within moments of leaving his home, he barely manages to survive several assassination attempts with the help of his first priest, called the Master of Assassins. The Master of Assassins tells him that he is in grave danger because princes are vulnerable to true death before they are able to link in to the Imperial Mind. The Imperial Mind is the supreme commander of the Empire, but it cannot see its subjects unless they link with it. Khemri and the Master of Assassins then set out for the nearest conduit to the Imperial Mind to make Khemri less vulnerable. The nearest conduit is on Kwanantil 9, a planet that is used as a training base by the Imperial Navy. The prince is upset that in order to access the Conduit, he must first enlist in the Imperial Navy and tie himself down. Upon arriving, Prince Khemri enlists in the Imperial Navy. The Priest receiving him oversees his access to the Mind, then tells him that he has been chosen by the Imperial Mind for a special task. Meanwhile, he refuses an offer from the Commandant of the base to join House Jerrazis, a middle tier House, or guild. As most of the cadets and officers at the academy are members, he becomes a target for pranks and demerits making his life there an effective hell. Just as Khemri is prepared to beg the Commandant for another chance to join the House, the academy are attacked by a small Sad-Eye raiding party. The academy as a whole is caught unawares; but Khemri is doing extra drills as punishment for his demerits with Mekbi Troopers - the principal and pseudo-autonomous ground forces of the Empire. Though he and all his Mekbi troops are killed, they successfully repel the Sad-Eye incursion, earning him several medals. The Commandant, who hates him, becomes mentally unstable after this and attempts to kill Khemri for resembling one of the academy's best cadets, Atalin. Khemri survives and manages to kill the Commandant; the Imperial Mind meanwhile hushes this up, and reports that the Commandant was killed in action against the Sad-Eyes. Despite this, it becomes clear to House Jerrazis that Khemri killed him; as a result, when his first year at the academy is over and he is eligible for duels, the Imperial Mind immediately transfers him to a supply station far away from the Empire. Though initially dreading the job, Khemri finds that the 'supply station' is in fact just a cover for the Adjustment service, the secret service of the Empire. He is then given a choice; either he can go through the test to become an Adjuster, or he can remain at the supply station, in which case he will be immediately assassinated by House Jerrazis. He chooses the test, and is given 4 months of training in 4 different artificial environments- but in a body that doesn't possess his augmented features. Though initially his Princely arrogance causes him to be hunted down in several of the environments, he passes the training and moves on to the real test; he is sent out to a far away system, on Fringe space, with few weapons and no powers. If he can find a temple and access the Imperial mind, he will have passed the test. Upon arriving there, however, he finds a dead ship, destroyed by an Imperial 'Null Wave', that destroys all Bitek and life. The ship is a missile launcher, and the missile has not been damaged; however, only one crew member is left alive, a stowaway called Raine, from the system Kharalcha, who is a member of the Kharalcha Space Forces, or KSF. she says that an Imperial ship, led by a Prince (later revealed to be Atalin, working for House Jerrazis) attacked the peaceful KSF, just as they had 9 years ago. The previous time, a group of Pirates followed soon after, nearly destroying Kharalcha; this time, they are sure to do so again. However, if the missile can be launched, it can close the wormhole, preventing the Pirates from coming, before help arrives. Raine and Khemri do so, escaping on his escape pod, though it is damaged, and they are forced to sedate themselves so that the oxygen they consume will be lowered. Khemri then awakes in Kharalcha, on an artificial space station. There, Raine and Khemri become romantically involved; however, soon after, the pirates arrive, help having come too late. Khemri is then forced to pilot an obsolete imperial ship to fight off the navy. He succeeds, but then dies, just as the Imperial mind re- establishes contact with him. Upon waking up, he finds he is in the Imperial Core, having received a medal for fighting off the Pirates, and has been nominated to take part in the competition for the Imperial throne. At the same time, Atalin gets a medal for destroying the KSF fleet. Kharalcha, meanwhile, has been placed under the protection of the Imperial Mind. After an argument, the two get into a duel, which Khemri wins, though he refrains from killing her because he discovers that she is his sister, and they are both 2 of the 5 possible candidates for the Imperial throne; the other 995 are just selected out of tradition. The 1000 Imperial candidates are then put through two tests; one of them tests their Psitek ability; all but the chosen 5 are killed here. Atalin and Khemri then kill the remainder of the chosen 5. Rather than become Emperor, though, Khemri fatally injures Atalin, them kills himself, ensuring that she will become Emperor, on the condition that he is allowed to return to Kharalcha to be back with Raine; Atalin accedes to this request. The book then ends with Khemri being picked up by Raine. ==Setting== The setting is in the distant future (it is not explicitly stated). The majority of the galaxy (presumably, though not explicitly stated, the Milky Way) is under the control of the Empire; however, there are at least three other political entities stated; The Naknuk rebels, the Sad-Eyes, and the Deaders. Each of these, though, is reported to be inferior militarily to the Empire. There are three 'teks', or technologies types used by the Empire; Bitek, which deals with biological weaponry and technology; Psitek, which deals with the mental equivalent of the former; and Mektek, which deals with the Mechanical equivalent of the former two. These are used as a 'Trinity' by the empire to defeat their enemies; the Sad-Eyes (which control beings mentally; they are called Sad- Eyes because the only part of the body they cannot control are the tear ducts), though stronger in Psi-tek, have limited Bitek and Mektek, and are defeated thus; the Naknuk rebels, former Imperial Princes (presumably of House Naknuk) focused entirely on Bitek, shunning the other two, as a result they are defeated; the Deaders, meanwhile, never allow themselves to be captured, if they are defeated, they self destruct – at the same time, they never take prisoners. The Empire is ruled by an Emperor who abdicates after twenty years. Until then, they rule over the Imperial Mind, which is actually the minds of the former Emperors, subsumed into the Mind till they are effectively one with it. The Emperor must be replaced every twenty years because after that, the Emperor is no longer able to keep from being subsumed. The Empire is partially commanded by some 10 million Princes. They are taken at a young age, before they remember anything about their parents, selected by the ability to go through the process of becoming a Prince. After this, they spend most of the next ten years having Bitek, Psitek, and Mektek additions (though there is always some innate Psitek), until they finally end up spending the time until age 18 learning of the duties of the Prince and the Empire. Every 20 years, 1000 of these are selected to become Imperial Candidates – one becomes Emperor, while the rest are killed. Houses are groups of Princes – ranging in size from a few dozen to tens of thousands – who function, effectively, as a support system for one another. The Naknuk Rebels were an Imperial House who split off to form their own Empire. ===The Priesthoods === In the Empire are 16 'priesthoods' of the Emperor, each concerned with a particular 'aspect', or service. The priests are the servants of the Imperial Mind (Which in turn is subservient to the Emperor). Princes do not consider the Emperor a God, and nor do his priests. Priests are either assigned to Princes or to temples; at temples, new priests (of that particular aspect) are trained. The Aspects are * Inquiring Intelligence: * Weighty Decision Maker: Specialists in genetic testing for choosing Prince Candidates * Emperor's Loving Heart: * Shadowed Blade: Perform as assassins for Princes. * Mending Hand: * Noble Warrior: * Cold Calculator: Specialists in calculating probability of events * Emperor's Discerning Hand: Handle sensitive matters for the emperor. Decide whether Princes should be reborn. * Inward Traveller: Specialists in Psitek, especially the 'witnessing' of events by the Imperial mind; they are the connection between the Imperial mind and the Princes. * Kindly Gardener: Specialists in Bitek, includes medics and botanists. * Rigorous Engineer: Specialists in Mektek, including small devices and weapons *Companion of Life: * Instructive Father: * Joyful Companion: * Wrathful Foe: * Stern Adjudicator: Regulates the disputes between Princes, especially relating to duels. ==The Imperial Services== The Princes serve the Emperor in 7 different 'aspects' *Imperial Survey: Finds wormholes, the primary method of FTL travel, suspected to have been set up by an ancient race. *Navy: The space-borne branch of the military. *Marines: The planet-based branch of the military; Mekbi troopers are under this command. *Diplomatic Corps: Aids in diplomacy. *Colonial Government: Aids in the Governance of the colonies. *Imperial Government: Aids in the Governance of the Empire. *Adjustment: Secret service of the Empire; the espionage service. ==Other media== The online computer game Imperial Galaxy is based on the book's universe, but was released before the book. ==References== Category:2012 Australian novels Category:2012 fantasy novels Category:2012 science fiction novels Category:Australian fantasy novels Category:Children's fantasy novels Category:Children's science fiction novels Category:Australian science fiction novels Category:Australian children's novels Category:Space opera novels Category:Novels by Garth Nix Category:HarperCollins books Category:2012 children's books Category:Allen & Unwin books
35472694	A Book of Milliganimals	A Book of Milliganimals is a children's book by Spike Milligan, first published in 1968. The book has three parts; the first two, Animals and Milliganimals, contain humorous poetry and illustrations by Milligan of animals, both real and imaginary. The third part, entitled The Bald Twit Lion, is a surreal, comedic story of a lion who loses his mane and his struggle to re-grow it and overcome his embarrassment. His mane is eventually restored by God, who slides down to Earth from Heaven on a religious giraffe's neck. ==References== * Category:1968 children's books Category:Works by Spike Milligan
35534562	A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain	A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain is a book by the British writer Owen Hatherley, published by Verso Books in November 2010. The book is a critique of the architecture and urbanism of postmodern Britain, taking the form of a tour of British cities. ==Background== A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain is Hatherley's second book, following a quartet of essays entitled Militant Modernism published in 2008. Considerable overlap and repetition exists between the two works. ==Overview== Hatherley introduces A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain as "an autopsy of the urban renaissance", referring to a program initiated under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown and associated with the private finance initiative, city academies and the Commission for Architecture and the Built Environment. In his introduction, Hatherley quotes Karl Seitz's statement upon the opening of the Karl Marx-Hof in Vienna: "by these stones shall we be judged." Seitz's words, set in the context of the attack on the Karl Marx-Hof a year later by fascists fighting the Austrian Civil War, serve as guiding principles for the book. The book forms a catalogue raisonné of what the author describes as "pseudomodernism". The journey, on which Hatherley was accompanied by photographer Joel Anderson, begins in Southampton, where Hatherley grew up, and takes in Milton Keynes, Nottingham, Manchester, Tyneside, Glasgow, Cambridge, several towns in Yorkshire, Cardiff, Liverpool and Greenwich. Hatherley focuses on the prior decade's programmes of regeneration and the remains of past civic improvements. In Cambridge, Hatherley reluctantly praises the Accordia development; while in Glasgow he describes BBC Pacific Quay as "decent, upstanding, moderate modernism" and praises buildings in the vicinity of Glasgow Central station; and in Tyneside he praises T. Dan Smith's desire to build a "Brasilia of the North". Hatherley most keenly explores the public and municipal architecture of the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, including Thamesmead in Greenwich, Red Road in Glasgow, Park Hill in Sheffield and the Get Carter car park in Gateshead. Particular attention is paid to "the Former Socialist Republic of South Yorkshire", where Hatherley sees the promise of Socialist Brutalism having come closest to fulfillment. Hatherley criticises Bob Kerslake, the former chief executive of Sheffield City Council who presided over the demolition of council housing, and the Pathfinder scheme. Hatherley's influences include Ian Nairn, Nikolaus Pevsner, J. B. Priestley's English Journey and Iain Sinclair. ==Critical reception== Patrick Wright, writing in Architecture Today, compares Hatherley's approach to that of William Cobbett, the 19th century agitator who criticised industrialisation in his Rural Rides; however, he points out that while Cobbett defended the British countryside, Hatherley is concerned with the urban Britain envisioned by post-war Modernist architects which he argues has fallen victim to regeneration schemes. Rowan Moore, writing in The Observer, describes Hatherley as "not entirely fair" for his failure to grant a right of reply to those he criticises, the book's lack of input from the citizens and residents of the areas described, and its lack of any proposed alternative, but describes A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain as "essentially right: for all the talk of renewal, renaissance, regeneration and world-class architecture, and all the billions expended, our cities are, with some exceptions, more screwed up than they have ever been." Will Self, reviewing Militant Modernism and A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain in the London Review of Books, describes the latter as "engaging and even stimulating", but argues that Hatherley fails to accept the deep-seated and philoprogenitive bad taste of the masses, instead favouring an ethic shaped by urban reductionism. Self also alleges similarities between Hatherley's argument regarding "pseudomodernism" and that of the architect Rem Koolhaas, whose work Hatherley criticises. ==References== ==External links== * Official blog, comprising "collected addenda, photographs and further instalments" Category:Books about the United Kingdom Category:Books by Owen Hatherley Category:2010 non-fiction books Category:Books about urbanism Category:Books about politics of the United Kingdom Category:Urban renewal Category:Urban society in the United Kingdom Category:Verso Books books
3558852	A Common Reader	A Common Reader: Books for Readers with Imagination was an American mail-order book catalog, established in 1986 by James Mustich Jr., a bookseller, editor, and writer. It was notable among general-interest book catalogs for its eclecticism, with large sections of each issue given over to obscure literary classics. The catalog was named in honor of Virginia Woolf's two-volume collection of essays, entitled The Common Reader (1925) and The Second Common Reader (1932), which collected her lectures and writings about the nature of reading and how best to approach it. A Common Reader's in-house publishing imprint, the Akadine Press, initiated in 1996, republished over 60 out-of- print books by authors such as Lillian Beckwith, Alice Thomas Ellis, Barbara Holland, Reynolds Price, and John Ciardi. A Common Reader was published up to 17 times a year, with a readership in the tens of thousands. Each edition listed an average of 700 books, accompanied by editorial write-ups. At its peak, A Common Reader sold over 300,000 titles per year. The business closed in January 2006, to the regret of many readers who appreciated its discerning finds and well-written précis. ==References== ==External links== Category:Publications established in 1986 Category:Publications disestablished in 2006 Category:Direct marketing Category:Bookstores of the United States Category:Defunct companies based in New York (state)
35739004	A Dog's Purpose	A Dog's Purpose is a 2010 novel written by American author W. Bruce Cameron. It chronicles a dog's journey through four lives via reincarnation and how he looks for his purpose through each."A Dog's Purpose" (Review), Kirkus Reviews, May 15, 2010, https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/w-bruce- cameron-2/a-dogs-purpose/ The novel was a New York Times bestseller for 49 weeks, garnering critical praise from such sources as Temple Grandin, famous for her study of cattle behavior; Kirkus Reviews; and Marty Becker, resident veterinarian on the early-morning television show, Good Morning America. A sequel followed in May 2012, titled A Dog's Journey, following the same dog after the events of the previous book. The film rights of the book were bought by DreamWorks. A film of the same name was released in January 2017. ==Plot== The narrator first starts out as a feral puppy. A few weeks later, after being nursed by their mother, a feral as well, the dog and his siblings Fast, Sister, and Hungry go outside of their den to explore the woods around them. Soon after, men come and capture them. The dogs arrive at a place called the Yard, where dozens of abandoned dogs reside under the guidance of a gentle old woman whom the narrator calls Senora. The narrator, named Toby by Senora, adjusts to his new lifestyle. One day, many of the newer dogs at the Yard are whisked off to a building (a veterinarian office). A new dog arrives, named Spike, who is very aggressive with the other dogs, and injures Toby. Not long after, animal control service agents arrive with orders to shut down the place due to poor sanitation and welfare conditions. Many dogs, including Toby, are subsequently euthanized. Toby now is reincarnated as a Golden Retriever puppy and is nursing from a new mother. A few weeks after birth, when Toby and his new brothers and sisters have matured enough, he and the others are allowed to play outside the cage. Toby climbs up onto a table and bites the doorknob, opening the gate to the outside world and leaving him to explore the real world. A truck driver picks up Toby on the road and calls him "Fella." The man drives to a bar. After the man has been gone for several hours, Toby begins suffering from heat exhaustion in the cab. A woman breaks the car window, and rescues Toby. She brings him home, and presents him to her eight-year-old son, Ethan. Toby is renamed Bailey. Over the course of many years, Bailey lives a full life with Ethan, and accompanies him through many difficulties, including arson, which leads to Ethan permanently injuring his leg, and ending his promising athletic career. Ethan goes to live with his grandparents at their farm in Michigan so he can be with his girlfriend Hannah and finish his senior year in high school. Around that time, things are not going well in the family, with Ethan's injury, an eventual breakup with Hannah, and a divorce between Ethan's parents. Soon after moving, Ethan goes off to college, leaving Bailey with infrequent visits from him during the holidays. Bailey's health starts to decline, with him taking naps very often and being weak. Soon, Ethan's mother and grandparents take him to the vet, where he is once again put down. Bailey wakes up once again as a German Shepherd. Bailey, who realizes that he is now a girl, is picked out and named Ellie by a police officer, named Jakob, and trained to be a search-and-rescue dog. Jakob and Ellie find a kidnapped girl but while getting the man into custody he shoots Jakob, injuring him so that he can no longer be a policeman. Ellie then gets put into the care of one of Jakob's colleagues, Maya. After passing of old age, he is reborn but this time as a Labrador Retriever with Wendi, his new owner, who is ecstatic with her new pet, whom she names Bear. She cannot keep him because of a no-pet rule in her apartment building. Instead, she gives him to her mother, who is dating an alcoholic. Neither treat Bear very well, and the mother's boyfriend, fed up with the dog upon receiving a notice that he needs to provide better living conditions, ditches him on a country road. Bear recognizes his surroundings, having been there before with Ethan. Using the skills he learned as Ellie, Bear is able to trail the scent of one of the farm's animals to the Farm, where Ethan lives. Ethan, now an elderly man, decides to keep Bear, who he renames Buddy, and marries Hannah. Years pass, and Ethan suffers from an apparent stroke, and as he is dying suddenly recognizes that Buddy is Bailey. ==Reception== Publishers Weekly called A Dog's Purpose "a tail-wagging three hanky boo-hooer" and "delightful". The Long Beach Post praised Cameron's ability to get inside a dog's psyche."'A Dog's Purpose' Book Review Plus Adoptions & More", Long Beach Post, 02 September 2010,anal http://www.lbpost.com/life/10340--a-dog-s-purpose-book- review-plus-adoptions-more The Christian Science Monitor recommended the book. The Washington Post criticized Cameron for "exploiting dogs' selflessness for his own mawkish ends".Yvonne Zipp, "Five new books about dogs", Washington Post, June 23, 2010, https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp- dyn/content/article/2010/06/22/AR2010062204354.html ==Series== The book was followed up by two sequels by Cameron, A Dog's Journey and A Dog's Promise."A Dog’s Journey" (Review), Publishers Weekly, http://www.publishersweekly.com/978-0-7653-3053-6 (accessed May 7, 2012)"A Dog's Journey: Another Novel for Humans" (Review), Book Reporter, http://www.bookreporter.com/reviews/a-dogs-journey-another-novel-for-humans ==References== Category:Novels about dogs Category:Novels about reincarnation Category:American novels adapted into films Category:2010 American novels Category:Books by W. Bruce Cameron Category:Forge Books books
35754303	A Fugitive from Justice	A Fugitive from Justice is a 1940 film starring Roger Pryor, Lucile Fairbanks and Eddie Foy Jr. == Plot == Fugitive Lee Leslie (Donald Douglas) is wanted by three groups; the police, the gangsters who fear his testimony in court and the insurance company that carries a $1,000,000 policy on him and is anxious to protect its interests by seeing that Leslie stays alive. The company assigns Dan Miller (Pryor) and his partner, Ziggy, (Foy) to find Leslie. A night club singer, Ruby Patterson (Sheila Bromley) the beneficiary of his will, tips the gangsters as to his whereabouts. He escapes but the gang kidnaps his sister Janet (Fairbanks) and his mother (Lottie Williams). His plan to surrender to the police now depends on being able to rescue them first. ==External links== * Category:1940 films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:American crime drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1940 drama films Category:1940s American films
35837086	A La Costa Sud	A La Costa Sud (La Musique De La Côte D'Azur) is a compilation album created and produced by Italian musician and producer Pino Presti, released in 2009 on Edizioni Musicali Curci. The album consists of 3 CDs performed by 28 vocalists and / or instrumentalists who are from various continents and nations but who regularly play in theaters, clubs and festivals in the French Riviera. We can find, among others, female singers Shirley Bunnie Foy, Lilian Terry, Janysett McPherson, Nina Papa, Isa Rabaraona, Georgia Mancio, Timothée; trumpeter François Chassagnite, bassist Jean-Marc Jafet, pianist Francesco Crosara, saxophonist Ruben Paz, singer-bassist Scott Parker Allen, guitarist Linus Olsson. ==Genres of music== The album includes many different genres of music like jazz, Latin music, world, funk, pop, electro, Nu Jazz and R&B.; ==Video== The broadcasting of the photographic video of A La Costa Sud has been made by Monte Carlo Producer NoteMontecarlo Producer Note and by Cannes France, the complete guide to Cannes, France, which broadcast it during the Cannes Film Festival.Cannes France-Cannes Film Festival == Track listing == === Cd1 - A La Costa Latin and World === thumb|260px|Cuban singer and pianist Janysett McPherson # Salsa Universal (B. Sundres / R. Quintero) \- Conjunto Massalia (Cuba-France) # Canto A Yemaya (J. McPherson) \- Conjunto Massalia # Partage (D. Gaspari) \- Conjunto Massalia # Alguien En Quien Confiar (J. McPherson) \- Janysett McPherson (Cuba) # Vocè Vai Ver (A.C. Jobim) \- Nina Papa (Brazil) # Sabe Vocè (C. Lyra / V. De Moraes) \- Nina Papa # Dowtown Guaguanco (R. Paz) \- Ruben Paz (Cuba) # African Spirit (R. Paz) \- Ruben Paz # Oxala (O. Roura) Oxai Roura (Guyana-Brazil) # Balance (F.D. F. Alves / G. Anfosso) \- Gabriel Anfosso (France) # A Felicidade (A.C. Jobim) \- Montparnasse (Italy-France) # Gémeaux (F.D. F. Alves / G. Anfosso) \- Gabriel Anfosso # Samba Um (R. Torre / Allan Jones) \- Samba Um (Brazil) # Além Do Rio (R. Torre / R. Pereira) \- Samba Um # Gimme Gimme Gimme (G.Daks) \- Groovy Daks (Ghana) # Ny Fanahy (I. Rabaraona) \- Isa Rabaraona (Madagascar) # Gabrielle (T. Galliano) \- Thierry Galliano (France) # Si Vocè Voltar (N. Luchi) \- Nicolas Luchi (France) / Linus Olsson (Sweden) # Nkommode (G.Daks) \- Groovy Daks === Cd2 - A La Costa Jazz === thumb|175px|French trumpeter François Chassagnite # Don't Ever Go Away (Jobim / Duran / Gilbert) \- Lilian Terry (UK-Italy-Egypt) # Phaléne (F. D'Oelnitz) \- François Chassagnite (France) # Nica's Dream (H. Silver) \- Nina Papa (Brazil) # Suite Venus (F. Crosara) \- Francesco Crosara USA-Italy) # Miami Nights (A. Bianchi) \- Amedeo (Italy) # In And Out (J.M. Jafet) \- Jean Marc Jafet (France) # It Don't Mean a Thing (Mills / Ellington) Shirley Bunnie Foy (USA) # The Old Country (N. Adderly / C. R. Davis) \- Georgia Mancio (UK) # Easy To Love (C. Porter) \- Francesco Crosara # Funky Dream (A. Bianchi) \- Amedeo # God Bless the Child (Holiday/ Herzog) \- Lilian Terry # Lookin' For (G. Prestipino G.) \- Pino Presti Sound (Italy) # Mantega Righi (J.M. Jafet) \- Jean Marc Jafet # Something Old...Something New (A. Bianchi) \- Amedeo # Harlem Town (S.B. Foy / G. Fabris) \- Shirley Bunnie Foy / Josh Fabris (Italy) # On Verra (L. Olsson) \- Linus Olsson (Sweden) # When Sunny Gets Blue (J/ Segal / M. Fisher) \- Shirley Bunnie Foy === Cd3 - A La Costa Love Flavors === # Douce France (C.Trenet) \- Christophe Chapelle (France) # Something Stupid (C.Carson Parker) \- Scott Parker Allen (USA) # You Will Be All Right (E./M. Benlolo) \- Santos (France) # Stekache (N. Luchi) \- Nicolas Luchi (France) # Le Fruit Qu'on Fit (T. Delcourt) \- Timothée (France) # Now Loading (M. Guillermont) \- Marc Guillermont (France) # Round About Midnight (T. Monk) \- Eddy & Dus meet Lilian Terry (UK) # I Wanna Bioman (S. P. Allen) \- Scott Parker Allen # Business World (E./M. Benlolo) - Santos # L.O.V.E. (M. Gabler / B. Kaempfert) Shirley Bunnie Foy USA) # Decembre (Succede A Dicembre) - (P. Palma / D. Viccaro / G. Prestipino / M.Luca) \- Janysett McPherson (Cuba) # Lady Ann (prologue) - (M. Guillermont) \- Marc Guillermont # I'm Longing For Love (Seymour / D. Modugno) \- Pino Presti & Mad of Jazz # Intro Sakai (L. Olsson) \- Linus Olsson feat. Yona Yacoub (Francia) # Vierge (F.D. F. Alves / G. Anfosso) \- Gabriel Anfosso (France) # Try To Be Somebody (E./M. Benlolo) \- Santos # Elegie (F. Apostoly) \- Les Dupont (France) # Ue Lé Lé (S.B. Foy) \- Shirley Bunnie Foy === Artists === thumb|215px|Soul & funk singer/bassist Scott Parker Allen * Scott Parker Allen - Amedeo - Gabriel Anfosso - Christophe Chapelle * François Chassagnite - Francesco Crosara - Groovy Daks - Les Dupont * Josh Fabris - Shirley Bunnie Foy - Thierry Galliano - Marc Guillermont * Jean-Marc Jafet - Nicolas Luchi - Georgia Mancio - Conjunto Massalia * Janysett McPherson - Montparnasse - Linus Olsson - Nina Papa - Ruben Paz * Pino Presti - Isa Rabaraona - Oxai Roura - Samba Um - Santos - Lilian Terry * Timothée and performers Eric Alberti - Giancarmine Arena - Alain Asplanato * Claudio Citarella - Jean Luc Danna - Bruno De Filippi - Sandrine De Stefanis * Fred D'Oelsnitz - Antonio Faraò - Thomas Galliano - Neil Gerstenberg * Marc Peillon - Robert Perci - Fabrice Bistoni - Ronnie Rae - Benny Ross * Yohan Serra - Nicolas Viccaro - Yona Yacoub... Producer: Pino Presti Realization: Federico Sacchi for Edizioni Musicali Curci Co-Producer: Dominique Viccaro Artwork: Fabrizio Marzagalia Production assistant: Marie Joëlle Colin Post-Production: Philippe Frache-D'Arco (Nice) Mastering: Studio Arion (Nice) Website by Luca Da Rios == References == == External links == * *Video on NME *allmusic *Video on Montecarlo Producer Note *Video on First Post *Video on The complete guide to Cannes, France *Video on Cannes France - Cannes Film Festival Category:2009 compilation albums Category:Albums conducted by Pino Presti Category:Albums arranged by Pino Presti Category:Albums produced by Pino Presti
3590889	A History of the Devil	A History of the Devil is a book by Gerald Messadié published in 1996. The book was originally published in France in 1993 as Histoire Générale du Diable, and was translated into English by Marc Romano. ==Contents== #The Ambiguous Demons of Oceania #India: Spared from Evil #China and Japan: Exorcism through Writing #Zoroaster, the First Ayatollahs, and the True Birth of the Devil #Mesopotamia: The Appearance of Sin #The Celts: Thirty-five Centuries without the Devil #Greece: The Devil Driven Out by Democracy #Rome: The Devil Banned #Egypt: Unthinkable Damnation #Africa: The Cradle of Religious Ecology #The North American Indians: Land and Fatherland #The Enigma of Quetzalcoatl: the Feathered Serpent, and the God-Who-Weeps #Israel: Demons as the Heavenly Servants of the Modern Devil #The Devil in the Early Church: The Confusion of Cause and Effect #The Great Night of the West: From the Middle Ages to the French Revolution #Islam: The Devil as State Functionary #Modern Times and the God of Laziness, Hatred, and Nihilism ==References== Category:1996 non-fiction books Category:Books about religion Category:French- language books Category:French non-fiction books
35982167	A General Map of the World, or Terraqueous Globe	thumb|300px A General Map of the World, or Terraqueous Globe, full title: A General Map of the World, or Terraqueous Globe with all the New Discoveries and Marginal Delineations, Containing the Most Interesting Particulars in the Solar, Starry and Mundane System, is a general map of the world, or terraqueous globe with all the new discoveries and marginal delineations, containing interesting particulars in the solar, starry and mundane system by Samuel Dunn and Thomas Kitchin in 1794. The map features star charts, a map of the Moon, a map of the Solar System, and numerous other features along with maps of both hemispheres of the Earth. Samuel Dunn's map is large and includes much detail, and is challenging to fully describe it in small photographs or text. == Map details == The primary map is surrounded on all sides by detailed scientific calculations and descriptions as well as Northern and Southern Hemisphere star charts, a map of the Moon, a latitude and longitude analemma chart, a map of the Solar System, a mercator projection of the Earth, an analemma projection, a seasonal chart, a universal scale chart, and numerous smaller diagrams depicting planets and mathematical systems. All text is in English. The survey of this map starts in North America, much of which was, even in 1794, largely unknown. This map follows shortly after the explorations of captain James Cook in the Arctic and Pacific Northwest, so the general outline of the continent is known. However, when this map was made, few inland expeditions had extended westward beyond the Mississippi. This map notes two separate speculative courses for the apocryphal river of the west, a northern route extending from lake Winnipeg and a southern route passing south of Winnipeg through Pike's lake. The River of the West was hopeful dream of French and English explorers who were searching for a water passage through North America to the Pacific. In concept, should such a route be found, it would have become an important trade artery allowing the British and French, whose colonies dominated the eastern parts of North America, to compete with the Spanish for control of the lucrative Asia-Pacific trade. These earlier speculative cartographers didn't realize that the bulk of the Rocky Mountains stood between them and their plans. The kingdom of Quivira, which is one of the lands associated with Spanish legends of the Seven Cities of Gold is located slightly south of the western rivers. thumb|300px|right|Europe ==See also== * Ancient world maps * Cartography * City maps * Geographic information system * Here be dragons * List of cartographers * Map projection * Mappa mundi * Pictorial maps * List of historical maps * Terra incognita * Web mapping * World map ==References== * The History of Cartography Project at the University of Wisconsin, a comprehensive research project in the history of maps and mapping * The history of cartography at the School of Mathematics and Statistics, University of St. Andrews, Scotland * Mapping History - a learning resource from the British Library * Modern Medieval Map Myths: The Flat World, Ancient Sea-Kings, and Dragons * Concise Bibliography of the History of Cartography, Newberry Library * Newberry Library Cartographic Catalog : map catalog and bibliography of the history of cartography * American Geographical Society Library Digital Map Collection See Map for more links to historical maps; however, most of the largest sites are listed at the sites linked below. * Eratosthenes Map of the Earth, and Measuring of its Circumference at Convergence * A listing of over 5000 websites describing holdings of manuscripts, archives, rare books, historical photographs, and other primary sources for the research scholar. ==External links== * www.geographicus.com Category:Historic maps of the world Category:18th-century maps and globes
36037650	A Little Bit of Heaven (Ronnie Dove song)	"A Little Bit of Heaven", is a 1965 hit song recorded by Ronnie Dove. ==Background== The single was released by Diamond Records. The song peaked at #16 on the Hot 100 and #4 on the Easy Listening Chart. It was also included in his album One Kiss for Old Times' Sake. == Chart performance == Chart (1965) Peak position U.S. Billboard Hot 100 16 U.S. Billboard Easy Listening 4 == Cover Versions == Singer Wayne Newton covered the song for his "Summer Wind" album. ==References== Category:1965 singles Category:Ronnie Dove songs Category:Songs written by Kenny Young Category:1965 songs Category:Songs written by Artie Resnick
3609096	A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon	A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon is a 2001 film written, produced and directed by Nashville-based filmmaker Bart Sibrel. Sibrel is a proponent of the conspiracy theory that the six Apollo Moon landing missions between 1969 and 1972 were elaborate hoaxes perpetrated by the United States government, including NASA. The film is narrated by British stage actress Anne Tonelson. ==Overview== Sibrel claims that the Moon landing was a hoax, making claims about supposed photographic anomalies; disasters such as the destruction of Apollo 1; technical difficulties experienced in the 1950s and 1960s; and the problems of traversing the Van Allen radiation belts. Sibrel proposes that the most condemning evidence is a piece of footage that he claims was secret, and inadvertently sent to him by NASA; he alleges that the footage shows Apollo 11 astronauts attempting to create the illusion that they were from Earth (or roughly halfway to the Moon) when, he claims, they were only in a low Earth orbit. The film also asserts that NASA's early inexperience in rocket technology and inconsistencies in NASA's records could point to a possible hoax, and that the Space Race was actually a race to develop armaments with the huge budget allocated to the Apollo missions. The film's premise is that NASA perpetrated a fraud because of the perception that if the United States could land men on the Moon before the Soviet Union, it would be a major victory in the Cold War, since the Soviets had been the first to achieve a successful space launch (Sputnik 1 in 1957), the first crewed space flight (Vostok 1 in 1961), and the first spacewalk (Voskhod 2 in 1965). == Criticisms == Amanda Hess of The New York Times characterized the film as a "quasi-investigation". She referred to the film as a documentary, in scare quotes, and to Sibrel as a "sincere kook", writing: "[A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon] mashed up moon footage with ominous shots from the Soviet Union and Vietnam, was narrated by a severe British woman and was sold on a website called MoonMovie.com." Jim McDade, writing in The Birmingham News, wrote that A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon is "full of falsehoods, innuendo, strident accusations, half-truths, flawed logic and premature conclusions." According to McDade, the "only thing new and weird" in the film is that the claim that video views of Earth were actually filmed through a small hole to give the impression that Apollo 11 was not in low Earth orbit. "Bart has misinterpreted things that are immediately obvious to anyone who has extensively read Apollo history and documentation or anyone who has ever been inside an Apollo Command Module or accurate mockup", says McDade. == See also == *Astronauts Gone Wild *Moon landing conspiracy theories *Ralph René == References == == External links == * Category:2001 films Category:American documentary films Category:Films about Apollo 11 Category:Moon landing conspiracy theories Category:Documentary films about conspiracy theories Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
36098615	A Better Way to Die	A Better Way to Die is a 2000 action and thriller film. It was directed and produced by Scott Wiper. The film centers on a Chicago cop who quits the force and finds himself threatened by the Mafia. ==Cast== *Andre Braugher as Cleveland *Natasha Henstridge as Kelly *Scott Wiper as Boomer *Jack Conley as Fletcher *Carmen Argenziano as Carlos *Richard Haje as The Mute *Mo Gallini as Laslov (as Matt Gallini) *Rolando Molina as Chach *Kirk McKinney as Spaz *Jefferson Moore as Harrison James *Wayne Duvall as Rifkin *Lou Diamond Phillips as William Dexter ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2000 films Category:2000 action thriller films Category:Films produced by Bradley Fuller Category:American action thriller films Category:Newmarket films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
36222765	A Beautiful Affair	A Beautiful Affair is a 2012 Philippine romantic melodrama television series starring John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo together with John Estrada.John Lloyd, Bea in a beautiful partnership (Journal.com.ph, June 23, 2012)John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo featured in a news program in Vienna, Austria (Pep.ph, June 23, 2012)Bea Alonzo and John Lloyd Cruz will reunite for teleserye to be shot in Europe (Pep.ph, June 23, 2012) The series premiered on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block and worldwide on TFC from October 29, 2012 to January 18, 2013, replacing Walang Hanggan and being replaced by Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw. Bea, John Lloyd's 'Beautiful Affair' gets full trailer The drama revolves around two lost souls who meet and fall in love in the city of Vienna in Austria.Bea overwhelmed by success of 'The Mistress'John Lloyd, Bea talk about 'A Beautiful Affair'Adultery a no-no to Lloydie ==Overview== ===Background=== A Beautiful Affair is the highly anticipated drama series celebrating Bea Alonzo and John Lloyd Cruz's 10th anniversary as an on-screen love team. According to series director, Katski Flores, the drama began as a film concept in 2007 inspired loosely by Camelot and The Fountainhead.A Beautiful Affair facts The drama was first hinted by ABS-CBN in November 2011 as a blind item, however several articles were released a month later from various sources confirming this.How 2012 is shaping up for John Lloyd Cruz Bea Alonzo admits she misses being teamed-up with John Lloyd Cruz The drama is produced under the unit of Laurenti Dyogi and directed by Katski Flores whose first work on television was headwriting Cruz and Alonzo's first drama together titled, Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay back in 2002.A Beautiful Affair will air for 22 weeks Filming began on May 16, 2012 in Vienna and Salzburg, Austria.Bea Alonzo and John Lloyd Cruz' reunion teleserye to be shot in Austria With its high budget, the drama filmed internationally for the second time in Japan in December 2012.A Beautiful Affair in Japan ===Premise=== Leon (John Lloyd Cruz) is an architect who loses the will to live after his mother's death. In Vienna, he meets Gen (Bea Alonzo) a woman who suffers from a broken heart after finding out that her fiancé was cheating on her. Hoping to reclaim themselves and move on from their painful past, they venture to find love and romance. However, due to certain circumstances, they decide to part ways. A year later, fate brings them together again, but unbeknownst to Leon, Gen is already in love with another man who happens to be his adoptive brother, Edward (John Estrada) and is set to marry her.A Beautiful Affair Final Full Trailer ==Cast and characters== ===Main cast=== * John Lloyd Cruz as Napoleon "Leon" Riego * Bea Alonzo as Genevieve "Gen" Saavedra * John Estrada as Edward Pierro ===Supporting cast=== * Eula Valdez as Carlotta Pierro * Dimples Romana as Emilia "Emy" Biglang-awa * Megan Young as Ava Pierro * Jaime Fabregas as Arturo Pierro * John Arcilla as Leopoldo "Epong" Riego * Ana Roces as Natalia Saavedra * Janus del Prado as Fred Macatangay * Regine Tolentino as Sophia Imperial * Erika Padilla as Dr. Trina Cawagas * Angelina Kanapi as Sabrina Saavedra-Reyes * Sandy Aloba as Mona * Slater Young as Harry Reyes * Bugoy Cariño as Ivan * Maria Anna Krynessa Rivera as Lala ===Guest cast=== * Menggie Cobarrubias as Julio Santillian * Maliksi Morales as Ferdie Macatangay * Edward Mendez as Martin Santillian * Lito Pimentel as Rex Resureccion * Bing Davao as Venicio * Jason Francisco as Nelson * Tetchie Agbayani as Tala * Matthew Mendoza as Winston * Beverly Salviejo as Ason * Ricardo Cepeda as Akira Yamamoto * Miki Tokugawa as a Japanese tea ceremony teacher ===Special participation=== * Maritoni Fernandez as Evelyn Saavedra * Allan Paule as Henry Lumayang * Jim Paredes as Stephen Saavedra * Tanya Gomez as Rosario "Osang" Riego * Carlo Romero as Jake Montgomery * Andre Garcia as young Leon * Alexa Ilacad as young Gen ==Soundtrack== A Beautiful Affair: Original SoundtrackA Beautiful Affair Primetime Bida Patrol Version 4 - Official Soundtrack Release * Artist: Various * Released: 2012 * Label: Star Records * Language: Filipino, English * Format: Studio album (CD) * Genre: OPM, Ballad ===Track list and duration=== # After All - Martin Nievera & Vina Morales - 4:37 # I'll Take Care Of You - Richard Poon - 4:20 # Ikaw At Ako - Johnoy Danao - 5:10 # Akala Mo - Juris - 3:53 # Wag Kanang Umiyak - KZ Tandingan - 4:40 # Paano Ba Ang Magmahal? - Erik Santos & Liezel Garcia - 4:27 # After All - Yeng Constantino & Sam Milby - 3:57 # Naaalala Ka - John Lloyd Cruz & Bea Alonzo - 4:22 Total running time: 35:26 ==See also== * List of programs broadcast by ABS-CBN * List of ABS-CBN drama series ==References== == External links == *Official website Category:ABS-CBN drama series Category:2012 Philippine television series debuts Category:2013 Philippine television series endings Category:Philippine melodrama television series Category:Philippine romance television series Category:Television shows filmed in the Philippines Category:Television shows filmed in Austria Category:Television shows filmed in Japan Category:Filipino-language television shows
36234311	A Black Ribbon for Deborah	A Black Ribbon for Deborah () is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Marcello Andrei. == Cast == * Bradford Dillman as Michel Lagrange * Marina Malfatti as Deborah Lagrange * Gig Young as Ofenbauer * Delia Boccardo as Mira * Micaela Esdra as Elena * Lucretia Love as Wife of Ofenbauer ==Production== Director Marcello Andrei and his co-writers originally conceived the film with an original idea of a dying woman passing the child she is bearing to another person. Giuseppe Pulieri stated that the script he worked one was ruined by a producers attempt to exploit the film as part of the "demonic possession" cycle of films. Pulieri stated that "The script stayed ten years in the drawer, I even pestered Raymond Stross into making it, to no avail ... they altered the story, the in all the usual bullshit: the witches, the sorcerer, the special effects..." The film began shooting on May 13, 1974. ==Release== A Black Ribbon for Deborah was distributed theatrically in Italy by Alpherat on 26 September 1974. The film grossed a total of 118,676,000 Italian lire domestically. Italian film historian Roberto Curti described the film as passing "almost unnoticed on its theatrical release". The film was first released on home video in the United States and the United Kingdom in the early 1980s. It was released in the United Kingdom as The Torment. ==Reception== AllMovie defines the film a "low-wattage horror piece". ==Footnotes== ===References=== * ==External links== * Category:1974 films Category:Italian horror films Category:Films directed by Marcello Andrei Category:1974 horror films Category:1970s Italian films
36276406	A Gentleman of Leisure (1923 film)	A Gentleman of Leisure is a lostThe Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: A Gentleman of Leisure Retrieved April 9, 2016 1923 American silent comedy film produced by Famous Players–Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was directed by Joseph Henabery and stars Jack Holt. The film is based on the 1910 novel A Gentleman of Leisure by P. G. Wodehouse. It was adapted into a play by Wodehouse and John Stapleton. It is also a remake of the 1915 film A Gentleman of Leisure.The American Film Institute Catalog Feature Films: 1921-30 by The American Film Institute, c.1971The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Gentleman of Leisure Retrieved April 9, 2016 ==Cast== * Jack Holt as Robert Pitt * Casson Ferguson as Sir Spencer Deever * Sigrid Holmquist as Molly Creedon * Alec B. Francis as Sir John Blount (credited as Alec Francis) * Adele Farrington as Lady Blount * Frank Nelson as Spike Mullen * Alfred Allen as Big Phil Creedon * Nadeen Paul as Maid * Alice Queensberry as Chorus ==See also== *A Gentleman of Leisure (1915) ==References== ==External links== * * *Swedish language lobby poster Category:1923 films Category:American silent feature films Category:Lost American films Category:American films based on plays Category:Films based on works by P. G. Wodehouse Category:Films directed by Joseph Henabery Category:1923 comedy films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1923 lost films Category:Lost comedy films Category:1920s American films
36447177	A Dangerous Maid (Boardwalk Empire)	"A Dangerous Maid" is the third episode of the second season of the HBO television series Boardwalk Empire and 15th episode overall. First aired on October 9, 2011, it was written by Itamar Moses and directed by Susanna White. == Plot == Nucky reaches out to various sources for help in fighting the legal charges against him. To his dismay, many that he formerly did favours for are now turning a blind eye to his predicament. Capone visits Atlantic City to end Torrio's bootlegging arrangements with Nucky. Irishman Owen Sleater offers his services to Nucky. Richard Harrow is on a job for Jimmy, selling alcohol to one of Nucky's clients. Sleater informs the client that Harrow doesn't work for Nucky, and engages in a fight with Harrow's men. After a brief standoff, both men withdraw. Nucky publicly confronts Jimmy and the Commodore with an open declaration of war. Rothstein talks with Joe Masseria, a local Mafia don, over a dispute with Luciano and Lansky, which is largely based on the deaths of two of Masseria's nephews- the two men Jimmy killed while visiting Rothstein. Rothstein orders his men to pay compensation to Masseria. An increasingly bored, depressed and pregnant Lucy contemplates throwing herself down the stairs after Van Alden forbids her to try out for an upcoming musical. Later, Van Alden sends her a record player and this noticeably lifts her spirits. Margaret receives word that her estranged family from Ireland are now living in America. She unsuccessfully attempts to contact one of them. Margaret becomes friendly with her maid. But when her maid claims to know that Margaret is really 'Peggy Rohan', Margaret coldly disengages from the conversation. ==Title== A Dangerous Maid is a musical by George and Ira Gershwin. The script for it is given to Lucy by her friend Eddie Cantor. == Reception == === Critical reception === IGN gave the episode a score of 7.5 out of 10, saying that it had "... a very slow burn of a narrative that spends more time filling in backstory of certain female characters than it did pushing the Nucky vs. Commodore conflict forward." The A.V. Club rated the episode a "B+". === Ratings === The episode was watched by 2.856 million viewers. It was up a tenth with adults 18–49 in its third week, rising to 1.2 million in the 18-49 rating. == References == == External links == * "A Dangerous Maid" at HBO.com * Category:2011 American television episodes Category:Boardwalk Empire episodes
3651016	A Face to Die For	A Face to Die For (also known as The Face in the UK and Australia) is a 1996 television film, based on the book The Face by Marvin and Mark Werlin who also wrote the teleplay with Duane Poole. It is a romantic thriller that stars Yasmine Bleeth, James Wilder and Robin Givens. ==Plot== Due to a tragic childhood accident, Emily Gilmore (Bleeth) is left scarred both physically and mentally. The large scar on her face is a constant reminder to Emily that her career and love life are suffering. Lonely yet talented, she longs for a successful career and romance but is trapped by insecurity and fear. The handsome Alec Dalton (Wilder) turns her life around and makes her feel truly happy and secure for the first time in her life. Unfortunately, he talks her into stealing money from her employer. But the old man that she works for comes in during the robbery and has a heart attack. She stays behind to help him while Alec runs off. He escapes with the money but she is sent to prison. She is so in love with Alec she does not say a word about his involvement. While she is in prison, Emily learns that Alec has run away with her own sister, Sheila Gilmore (Chandra West). Devastated, Emily is in a fight with another inmate and because of the injuries she sustains she has to be seen by Dr. Matthew Sheridan (Richard Beymer). The doctor tells her that he can correct her scars for free with an experimental surgery. It is a great success and she is beautiful, almost unrecognizable. After the surgery, she begins a relationship with the surgeon, who showers her with gifts and love. She is released from prison and they become engaged, but she leaves him when she discovers that Matthew had reconstructed her face to be identical to his dead wife's. Emily attempts to begin again, changing her name to Adrian Corday and starting her own business as a fashion designer with her friend from prison Claudia (Givens). She reconnects with a kind man from her past, Paul (Ricky Paull Goldin), and starts a relationship with him (though he does not know her true identity.) But when she runs into Alec and he does not recognize her, she decides to take her revenge. During the climax of the film, Alec recognizes Adrian as Emily under the make up and plastic surgery because of the scar. Giving him the money, she tries to kill him. He is able to take the gun away, only to find out it is a fake, and tries to scar Emily again. However, Sheila appears and confronts him. She tells Alec that she knew he set Emily up because Claudia told her everything. During their struggle, she shoots him in the chest and he collapses to the ground dead. Taking Sheila to her room, they clean up the blood on their faces. She confessed she killed him after finding out how he set Emily up because he was infatuated with her. After their marriage, Alec was very abusive to Sheila, gave her a similar scar and it drove her to drink. Emily convinces her to go home and let her deal with this. If the police call and tell Sheila about Alec's death, she must act surprised and inconsolable. She asks Emily to forgive her for what happened. She assures Sheila she has and tells her to go home. Changing her clothes and putting on make up, Emily goes downstairs and pretends to be shocked when she asks the concierge what happened. He informs her about a shooting and there was a woman with a scar who wanted to meet up with Alec, but then another woman showed up and shot him. Paul appears and apologizes to Emily. While escaping, she decides to confess to him about her past. Paul tells Emily that he already knew because Sheila and Claudia told him about it. He reassures her that her secret is safe with him. ==Cast== * Yasmine Bleeth as Emily Gilmore * Kashia Miller as Young Emily Gilmore * James Wilder as Alec Dalton * Richard Beymer as Dr. Matthew Sheridan * Ricky Paull Goldin as Paul Mallory * Robin Givens as Claudia * Chandra West as Sheila Gilmore * Mitch Ryan as Joe Thomas * Rosalind Ayres as Mrs. Travers * Bette Ford as Mrs. Berman * Kelly Jo Minter as Rita * Michael Clark as Michael * Pat Musick as Mrs. Anderson * Ian Abercrombie as Mr. Sturetsky * Philip Simon as Hotel clerk * Toni Sawyer as Woman at reception * Scott McKinley as Anesthesiologist * Elisabeth Ryall as Linda Blake * Francesca Poston * Mary Ellen Trainor as Mrs. Gilmore * Jo De Winter as Bunny Thomas ==Production== Goldin was engaged to Bleeth, but the wedding was called off after the wedding invitations had already been printed. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1996 television films Category:1996 films Category:1990s romantic thriller films Category:Lifetime (TV network) films Category:American romantic thriller films Category:1996 romantic drama films Category:Films scored by Christopher Franke Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s American films
36534132	A Christmas Carol (Shower of Stars)	"A Christmas Carol" is the December 23, 1954 episode of the hour-long American television anthology variety series, Shower of Stars. The episode is an adaptation of Charles Dickens' 1843 novella of the same name. Shower of Stars had a four-season run from 1954 to 1958 on CBS, alternating every fourth week with the dramatic anthology series Climax!."The Hardy Perennial" The Pittsburgh Press, December 19, 1954, page 14 {includes a large photograph of Fredric March as Scrooge}) It was also one of the few American TV productions of the time telecast in the UK, in 1956. Unusually for the time, it was presented on film and in color. Only a black-and-white print of this episode seems to have survived, and it has been released on DVD. The commercials seen live during the program have also survived. The program is introduced on kinescope by host William Lundigan. The production boasted a script and lyrics by noted American playwright Maxwell Anderson, and a score by Bernard Herrmann. Fredric March, in his only known portrayal of the role, starred as Ebenezer Scrooge, and Basil Rathbone portrayed Marley's Ghost.Oliver, Wayne. "Rathbone Says Dickens Would Be Top Writer for TV" (Sarasota Journal, December 1, 1954, page 14) The production featured few songs, but those it did feature forced the adapters to severely condense the story, especially the final third. Rather than having a Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, the adaptation featured a mynah bird, who leads Scrooge to a graveyard in which he sees not only his own grave, but that of Tiny Tim. The script added an unusual twist to the story in having the Ghost of Christmas Past (Sally Fraser) and the Ghost of Christmas Present (Ray Middleton) be portrayed by the same actors who played Scrooge's sweetheart Belle and his nephew Fred, respectively, and Scrooge not only notices the resemblance, but mistakes the Ghost of Christmas Present for his nephew.Gaver, Jack. "Who But TV People Would Do Such A Thing?" (Beaver Valley Times, December 24, 1954, page 20) ==Cast== *Fredric March as Scrooge *Basil Rathbone as Marley's Ghost *Ray Middleton as Fred and the Ghost of Christmas Present *Bob Sweeney as Bob Cratchit *Christopher Cook as Tiny Tim *Sally Fraser as Belle and the Ghost of Christmas Past *Craig Hill as Young Scrooge *Queenie Leonard as Mrs. Cratchit *Rex Evans as Solicitor *Tony Pennington as His Companion *William Griffiths as The Book Buyer *Peter Miles as Peter Cratchit *Janine Perreau as Belinda Cratchit *Bonnie and Judy Franklin as Susan and Martha Cratchit *June Ellis as The Housekeeper *Dick Elliott as Fezziwig (uncredited) ==See also== * Adaptations of A Christmas Carol ==References== ==External links== * Category:1954 American television episodes Category:Musicals based on A Christmas Carol Category:Television shows based on A Christmas Carol Category:1954 musicals
3654037	A Constant Forge	A Constant Forge is a 2000 documentary film directed by Charles Kiselyak about the life and work of John Cassavetes. It contains interviews with Cassavetes himself as well as recollections by actors who have worked with him and thoughts by admirers, including Lynn Carlin, Seymour Cassel, Peter Falk, John A. Gallagher, Ben Gazzara, Lelia Goldoni, Annette Insdorf, Carol Kane, Sean Penn, Gena Rowlands and Jon Voight. ==External links== * * == Reference links == Category:2000 films Category:American documentary films Category:Documentary films about film directors and producers Category:2000 documentary films Category:John Cassavetes Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
36612633	A Breed Apart (soundtrack)	A Breed Apart is the soundtrack album for the film A Breed Apart, composed and performed by Maurice Gibb. All of the instrumentals were recorded in 1984 but "Hold Her in Your Hand" and "On Time" were recorded in 1983. This soundtrack was the last recording session at the famous Gold Star Studios in Los Angeles. Even though he did not play on the soundtrack, Jimmie Haskell said years later that he was very impressed by Maurice's demos, especially his sensitive playing of the flute parts. Jimmie mixed the synthesizer flute into the finished recordings because he liked the sound. "Hold Her in Your Hand" was released as a single in 1984. ==Track listing== All the songs written and composed by Maurice Gibb except for “Hold Her in Your Hand”, which is by Maurice and Barry Gibb. ==Personnel== * Jimmie Haskell — orchestral arrangement * Maurice Gibb — synthesizer, lead vocal on "Hold Her in Your Hand" and "On Time" * Dennis Hetzendorfer — engineer ==References== Category:1984 soundtrack albums Category:Maurice Gibb albums Category:Albums produced by Maurice Gibb Category:Albums arranged by Jimmie Haskell Category:Instrumental albums Category:Unreleased albums Category:Drama film soundtracks
36684494	A Chorus of Storytellers	A Chorus of Storytellers is the fifth studio album by The Album Leaf, released in 2010 by Sub Pop. The album was recorded by Ryan Hadlock in the frosty month of February 2009 at Bear Creek Studio just outside Seattle. It was mixed in the decidedly warmer month of June in Reykjavík, Iceland by Birgir Jon Birgisson. ==Track list== # Perro # Blank Pages # There Is A Wind # Within Dreams # Falling From The Sun # Stand Still # Summer Fog # Until The Last # We Are # Almost There # Tied Knots ==References== Category:2010 albums Category:The Album Leaf albums Category:Sub Pop albums Category:Albums recorded at Bear Creek Studio
36788181	A Face in the Crowd (novella)	A Face in the Crowd is a novella by Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan, originally published as an e-book on August 21, 2012, as well as an audiobook, read by Craig Wasson. A hardcover edition is due to be released in November 2022 in an omnibus edition, paired with Richard Chizmar's The Longest December.A Face in the Crowd and The Longest December ==Background information== Stephen King and Stewart O'Nan had previously collaborated in 2004 on a non-fiction book Faithful, chronicling the 2004 Boston Red Sox season. In Faithful, during a discussion about watching baseball on television, King posits an idea for a story entitled "Spectators", which later evolved into A Face in the Crowd: Later, when speaking and reading an excerpt from his work in progress novel Doctor Sleep at the Savannah Book Festival, in Savannah, Georgia on February 19, 2012, King mentioned the same idea again. After describing the gist of it, King said he did not know how the story ended, so he told the audience, "I'm gonna give this story to you, you guys write it." Incidentally, Stewart O'Nan was in the audience. ==See also== * Stephen King short fiction bibliography ==References== Category:Novellas by Stephen King Category:2010s novellas
36902574	A Dónde	"A Dónde" is a 1989 single by German synth-pop band Cetu Javu. The song was released as a single in Spain and appeared on their 1990 debut album Southern Lands. The extended version originally featured as the B-side to "So Strange". A new 12" remix version b/w "Una Mujer" was released in 1993. Mexican band Sentidos Opuestos recorded a cover version of the song which was included on their 1997 album Viviendo del Futuro. ==Track listings== ===7" vinyl=== * Basic Mix / BASIS - 021 === 1993 12" single=== * SPA: Modermusic EP.1003 M ==References== Category:1989 songs Category:1989 singles Category:Cetu Javu songs
36907861	A Light Shines	A Light Shines is the first collection of recordings from Sacred Mother Tongue released in association with EMI Label Services and their first release since Ruin of Man in 2009. The EP was the precursor to their Out of the Darkness album, released in 2013, and contains the single "Evolve/Become". Bravewords News ==Reception== Metal Hammer gave the EP 8/10, calling it an "anthem loaded, stadium bothering masterclass". Kerrang! magazine awarded the EP 3 Ks stating that it set the band up well for the forthcoming album. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;Sacred Mother Tongue *Darrin South – vocals *Andy James – lead guitar *Josh Gurner – bass guitar *Lee Newell – drums == Music videos == * * * ==References== Category:2012 EPs Category:Sacred Mother Tongue EPs Category:EMI Records EPs
36927256	A Disaffection	A Disaffection is a novel written by Scottish writer James Kelman, first published in 1989 by Secker and Warburg. Set in Glasgow, it is written in Scots using a stream-of-consciousness style, centring on a 29-year-old schoolteacher named Patrick Doyle. The novel won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in 1989, and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize. In 2012, A Disaffection was shortlisted for the Best of the James Tait Black. ==Plot synopsis== The novel, written in a stream-of-consciousness style using the Glasgow dialect, concerns one week in the life of 29-year-old schoolteacher Patrick Doyle. Patrick is increasingly bitter about his entire life, despite feeling quite all right with the children he is coaching. He is in love with fellow schoolteacher Alison Houston, who is already married (without kids), and who rejects his advances. Midway in the novel, Patrick discovers he is to be transferred out of his present school which (his headmaster assures him) is the result of Patrick asking for a transfer, although Patrick has no recollection of such an act. The rest of the novel concerns Patrick's visit to his parents one weekend and, on a separate day, to his married elder brother Gavin's home. ==References== Category:Scottish novels Category:1989 British novels Category:Existentialist novels Category:Novels set in Glasgow Category:Secker & Warburg books Category:Novels by James Kelman
36979795	A Football Life	A Football Life is an American documentary series of 116 episodes, developed by NFL Films and aired on NFL Network that documents the lives of select National Football League (NFL) players, coaches, owners, and teams. Friends, teammates, family members and other players and coaches associated with the subjects are interviewed. ==History== The name of the series originated in a quote from Steve Sabol of NFL Films: Originating as an NFL Network special on the career of Bill Parcells in November 2010, it premiered as an episodic series on September 15, 2011, with the first part of Bill Belichick's documentary. Unlike most episodes, the episode on Belichick was a two-hour documentary, and focused specifically on the 2009 season; Belichick agreed to be wired for sound for the entire season. The documentary was viewed by about 657,000 viewers, the most-watched documentary in NFL Network's history, and was the second-most watched program in Boston at the time with 151,000 viewers, trailing behind a Boston Red Sox game. Season Two began on September 12, 2012, with The Faces of Tebow. The series was nominated for an Emmy Award for "Outstanding Edited Sports Series/Anthology" and "Outstanding Promotional Announcement – Episodic" for Belichick's episode in 2012. Season One was eventually released on DVD. ==Episodes== ===Season One=== Source: No. Subject Original air date 1 Bill Belichick September 15, 2011 2 September 22, 2011 3 Reggie White & Jerome Brown September 29, 2011 4 Kurt Warner October 6, 2011 5 Walter Payton October 13, 2011 6 Ed Sabol October 20, 2011 7 Mike Ditka October 27, 2011 8 Tom Landry November 3, 2011 9 Al Davis November 11, 2011 ===Season Two=== Source: No. Subject Original air date 1 Tim Tebow September 12, 2012 2 Ray Lewis September 19, 2012 3 Tom Coughlin September 26, 2012 4 Cleveland '95 October 3, 2012 5 The Fearsome Foursome October 10, 2012 6 Steve McNair October 17, 2012 7 Eddie DeBartolo October 24, 2012 8 Chris Spielman October 31, 2012 9 Jimmy Johnson November 7, 2012 10 John Riggins November 21, 2012 11 Barry Sanders December 5, 2012 12 Marcus Allen December 12, 2012 13 The Immaculate Reception December 19, 2012 ===Season Three=== Source: No. Subject Original air date 1 LaDainian Tomlinson September 3, 2013 2 Don Shula September 10, 2013 3 Darrelle Revis September 17, 2013 4 Derrick Thomas September 24, 2013 5 Steve Sabol October 1, 2013 6 Matt Millen October 8, 2013 7 Michael Strahan October 15, 2013 8 Pat Summerall October 22, 2013 9 Warren Sapp October 29, 2013 10 Randall Cunningham November 5, 2013 11 Cris Carter November 12, 2013 12 The Forward Pass November 19, 2013 13 Steve Gleason November 26, 2013 14 The Great Wall of Dallas December 3, 2013 15 Houston '93 December 10, 2013 16 Marty Schottenheimer December 17, 2013 17 Vince Lombardi December 24, 2013 18 December 31, 2013 19 Tiki & Ronde Barber January 7, 2014 20 Bill Parcells January 14, 2014 21 Jerry Smith January 21, 2014 22 Jerry Rice January 28, 2014 ===Season Four=== Season Four was announced for September 10, 2014. No. Subject Original air date 1 "Mean Joe" Greene September 12, 2014 2 Brandon Marshall September 19, 2014 3 Sean Taylor September 26, 2014 4 Warren Moon October 3, 2014 5 Eric Dickerson October 10, 2014 6 Doug Flutie October 17, 2014 7 Terrell Davis October 24, 2014 8 Ricky Williams October 31, 2014 9 Earl Campbell November 7, 2014 10 The Perfect Backfield (Csonka, Kiick & Morris) November 14, 2014 11 Lyle Alzado November 21, 2014 12 Dick Butkus & Gale Sayers November 28, 2014 13 Roger Staubach December 5, 2014 14 Keenan McCardell & Jimmy Smith December 19, 2014 15 2006 Rose Bowl January 2, 2015 16 Bill Walsh January 23, 2015 17 Joe Namath January 30, 2015 ===Season Five=== Season Five began on September 18 at 9 pm, and it had 13 new episodes including Terrell Owens, Dick Vermeil, Paul Brown, and more. No. Subject Original air date 1 Christian Okoye September 18, 2015 2 Dexter Manley September 25, 2015 3 Jerome Bettis October 2, 2015 4 Terrell Owens October 9, 2015 5 Alan Page October 16, 2015 6 Steve Largent October 23, 2015 7 Dick Vermeil October 30, 2015 8 Paul Brown November 6, 2015 9 Mike Singletary November 13, 2015 10 Charles Haley November 19, 2015 11 Bruce Arians December 11, 2015 12 Marshall Faulk December 18, 2015 13 Ken Stabler December 25, 2015 ===Season Six=== Season Six premiered Friday, September 16 at 9:00 PM ET and aired 13 new episodes starting with the story of Pro Football Hall of Fame running back Curtis Martin, and including Brett Favre, Chuck Noll, and Jim Brown. Two mini-episodes were released on the NFL's official YouTube channel. In contrast to the television series, these two episodes feature fictional characters Rod Tidwell and Frank Cushman from the movie Jerry Maguire, with Cuba Gooding, Jr. and Jerry O'Connell reprising their roles. The Tidwell episode used footage from the film, while Cushman's used edited footage of Brian Griese from the NFL Films archives. No. Subject Original air date 1 Curtis Martin September 16, 2016 2 Rodney Harrison September 23, 2016 3 Chad Johnson September 30, 2016 4 Steve Young October 7, 2016 5 Brett Favre October 21, 2016 6 Pat Tillman October 28, 2016 7 Michael Vick November 4, 2016 8 Jim Brown November 10, 2016 9 Steve Smith Sr. November 18, 2016 10 Chuck Noll November 25, 2016 11 Troy Aikman December 2, 2016 12 Charles Woodson December 9, 2016 13 Kevin Greene December 16, 2016 ===Season Seven=== Season Seven of A Football Life premiered on Friday, September 15 at 9:00 PM ET and subsequently aired 13 episodes beginning with the former Miami Dolphins quarterback Dan Marino. Other episodes featured former Oakland Raiders coach John Madden, former Buffalo Bills quarterback Jim Kelly, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones and former Washington Redskins coach and current NASCAR owner Joe Gibbs. No. Subject Original air date 1 Dan Marino September 15, 2017 2 Emmitt Smith September 22, 2017 3 John Madden September 29, 2017 4 Wes Welker October 6, 2017 5 Sam Mills October 13, 2017 6 Jim Kelly November 3, 2017 7 Larry Fitzgerald November 10, 2017 8 Eddie George November 17, 2017 9 Joe Gibbs November 25, 2017 10 Jerry Jones December 1, 2017 11 Aeneas Williams December 9, 2017 12 John Randle December 15, 2017 13 Lynn Swann & John Stallworth December 22, 2017 === Season Eight === Season Eight of A Football Life premiered on Friday, September 14, 2018 at 9:00 PM ET and subsequently aired 11 episodes. It featured Mike Holmgren, Dwight Clark and The Catch, Lawrence Taylor, Thurman Thomas, Carson Palmer, Brian Dawkins, Doug Williams, Willie McGinest, Cris Collinsworth, Tony Romo and Bill Cowher No. Subject Original air date 1 Carson Palmer September 14, 2018 2 Lawrence Taylor September 21, 2018 3 Tony Romo September 28, 2018 4 Willie McGinest October 5, 2018 5 Brian Dawkins October 12, 2018 6 Dwight Clark November 2, 2018 7 Bill Cowher November 9, 2018 8 Mike Holmgren November 16, 2018 9 Cris Collinsworth November 23, 2018 10 Doug Williams December 7, 2018 11 Thurman Thomas December 14, 2018 ===Season Nine=== Season Nine premiered on Friday September 13, 2019, and the episodes included Hall of Famers Terry Bradshaw, Tony Gonzalez, Bruce Smith, Ronnie Lott. No. Subject Original air date 1 Terry Bradshaw September 13, 2019 2 Tony Gonzalez September 20, 2019 3 Ronnie Lott November 1, 2019 4 Bruce Smith November 29, 2019 ===Season Ten=== Season Ten premiered on September 17, 2021. No. Subject Original Air Date 1 Nick Saban September 17, 2021 2 James Harrison September 24, 2021 3 Calvin Johnson October 1, 2021 4 Drew Pearson December 3, 2021 5 John Lynch December 24, 2021 ===Season Eleven=== Season 11 premiered on September 16, 2022. No. Subject Original Air Date 1 Joe Theismann September 16, 2022 2 Rod Woodson September 23, 2022 3 Edgerrin James November 18, 2022 4 Julian Edelman November 25, 2022 5 Franco Harris December 23, 2022 6 The 1972 Miami Dolphins January 13, 2023 ==References== Category:English-language television shows Category:NFL Network original programming Category:2010s American documentary television series Category:2011 American television series debuts Category:Documentary television series about sports Category:Television series by NFL Films
372666	A Confederacy of Dunces	A Confederacy of Dunces is a picaresque novel by American novelist John Kennedy Toole which reached publication in 1980, eleven years after Toole's death. Published through the efforts of writer Walker Percy (who also contributed a foreword) and Toole's mother, Thelma, the book became first a cult classic, then a mainstream success; it earned Toole a posthumous Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1981, and is now considered a canonical work of modern literature of the Southern United States. The book's title refers to an epigram from Jonathan Swift's essay Thoughts on Various Subjects, Moral and Diverting: "When a true genius appears in the world, you may know him by this sign, that the dunces are all in confederacy against him." Dunces is a picaresque novel featuring the misadventures of protagonist Ignatius J. Reilly, a lazy, obese, misanthropic, self-styled scholar. He is an educated but slothful 30-year-old man living with his mother in the Uptown neighborhood of early-1960s New Orleans who, in his quest for employment, has various adventures with colorful French Quarter characters. Toole wrote the novel in 1963 during his last few months in Puerto Rico. It is hailed for its accurate depictions of New Orleans dialects. Toole based Reilly in part on his college professor friend Bob Byrne. Byrne's slovenly, eccentric behavior was anything but professorial, and Reilly mirrored him in these respects. The character was also based on Toole himself, and several personal experiences served as inspiration for passages in the novel. While at Tulane, Toole filled in for a friend at a job as a hot tamale cart vendor, and worked at a family owned and operated clothing factory. Both of these experiences were later adopted into his fiction. ==Synopsis== Ignatius Jacques Reilly is an overweight and unemployed thirty-year-old with a master's degree in Medieval History who lives with his mother, Irene Reilly. He utterly loathes the world around him, which he feels has lost the values of geometry and theology. One afternoon, Reilly's mother drives him "downtown in the old Plymouth, and while she was at the doctor's seeing about her arthritis, Ignatius had bought some sheet music at Werlein's for his trumpet and a new string for his lute." While Reilly waits for his mother, Officer Angelo Mancuso approaches Reilly and demands that the latter produce identification. Affronted and outraged by Mancuso's unwarranted zeal and officious manner, Reilly protests his innocence to the crowd while denouncing the city's vices and the graft of the local police. An elderly man, Claude Robichaux, takes Reilly's side, denouncing Officer Mancuso and the police as communists. In the resulting uproar, Reilly and his embarrassed mother escape, taking refuge in a bar in case Officer Mancuso is still in hot pursuit. In the bar, Mrs. Reilly then drinks too much. As a result, she crashes her car. The fallout for the accident totals $1020, a sizable amount of money in early 1960s New Orleans. Ignatius is forced to work for the first time in many years in order to help his mother pay for the accident. What follows is a series of adventures that introduce an assorted cast of characters and their interactions with each other due to, or with, Ignatius as he moves from low wage job to job. Throughout the novel, Ignatius obsesses over his wardrobe, verbally abuses his mother, and frequents movie theaters only to yell and condemn the actors and actresses on screen. The novel explores the psyche of a man who is debilitated every time he is stressed out due to a rare stomach condition and an adversarial relationship possibly disguised as flirtation with the politically liberal advocate Myrna Minkoff, his only friend from college. ==Major characters== ===Ignatius J. Reilly=== Ignatius Jacques Reilly is something of a modern Don Quixote—eccentric, idealistic, and creative, sometimes to the point of delusion. In his foreword to the book, Walker Percy describes Ignatius as a "slob extraordinary, a mad Oliver Hardy, a fat Don Quixote, a perverse Thomas Aquinas rolled into one". He disdains modernity, particularly pop culture. The disdain becomes his obsession: he goes to movies in order to mock their perversity and express his outrage with the contemporary world's lack of "theology and geometry". He prefers the scholastic philosophy of the Middle Ages, and the Early Medieval philosopher Boethius in particular. However, he also enjoys many modern comforts and conveniences and is given to claiming that the rednecks of rural Louisiana hate all modern technology, which they associate with unwanted change. The workings of his pyloric valve play an important role in his life, reacting strongly to incidents in a fashion that he likens to Cassandra in terms of prophetic significance. Ignatius is of the mindset that he does not belong in the world and that his numerous failings are the work of some higher power. He continually refers to the goddess Fortuna as having spun him downwards on her wheel of fortune. Ignatius loves to eat, and his masturbatory fantasies lead in strange directions. His mockery of obscene images is portrayed as a defensive posture to hide their titillating effect on him. Although considering himself to have an expansive and learned worldview, Ignatius has an aversion to ever leaving the town of his birth, and frequently bores friends and strangers with the story of his sole, abortive journey out of New Orleans, a trip to Baton Rouge on a Greyhound Scenicruiser bus, which Ignatius recounts as a traumatic ordeal of extreme horror. ===Myrna Minkoff=== Myrna Minkoff, referred to by Ignatius as "that minx," is a Jewish beatnik from New York City, whom Ignatius met while she was in college in New Orleans. Though their political, social, religious, and personal orientations could hardly be more different, Myrna and Ignatius fascinate one another. The novel repeatedly refers to Myrna and Ignatius having engaged in tag-team attacks on the teachings of their college professors. For most of the novel, she is seen only in the regular correspondence which the two sustain since her return to New York, a correspondence heavily weighted with sexual analysis on the part of Myrna and contempt for her apparent sacrilegious activity by Ignatius. Officially, they both deplore everything the other stands for. Though neither of them will admit it, their correspondence indicates that, separated though they are by half a continent, many of their actions are meant to impress one another. ===Irene Reilly=== Mrs. Irene Reilly is the mother of Ignatius. She has been widowed for 21 years. At first, she allows Ignatius his space and drives him where he needs to go, but over the course of the novel she learns to stand up for herself. She also has a drinking problem, most frequently indulging in muscatel, although Ignatius exaggerates that she is a raving, abusive drunk. She falls for Claude Robichaux, a fairly well-off man with a railroad pension and rental properties. At the end of the novel, she decides she will marry Claude. But first, she agrees with Santa Battaglia (who has not only recently become Mrs. Reilly's new best friend, but also harbors an intense dislike for Ignatius) that Ignatius is insane and arranges to have him sent to a mental hospital. ===Others=== *Santa Battaglia, a "grammaw" who is friends with Mrs. Reilly and has a marked disdain for Ignatius *Claude Robichaux, an old man constantly on the lookout for any "communiss" who might infiltrate the United States; he takes an interest in protecting Irene *Angelo Mancuso, an inept police officer, the nephew of Santa Battaglia, who, after an abortive attempt to arrest Ignatius as a "suspicious character," features prominently in the novel as Ignatius's self-perceived nemesis *Lana Lee, a pornographic model who runs the "Night of Joy," a downscale French Quarter strip club *George, Lana's distributor, who sells photographs of her to high-school children *Darlene, a goodhearted but none-too-bright girl, who aspires to be a "Night of Joy" stripper, with a pet cockatoo *Burma Jones, a black janitor for the "Night of Joy" who holds on to his below-minimum wage job only to avoid being arrested for vagrancy *Mr. Clyde, the frustrated owner of Paradise Vendors, a hot dog vendor business, who inadvisedly employs Ignatius as a vendor *Gus Levy, the reluctant, mostly absentee owner of Levy Pants, an inherited family business in the Bywater neighborhood where Ignatius briefly works *Mrs. Levy, Gus's wife, who attempts to psychoanalyze her husband and Miss Trixie despite being completely unqualified to do so *Miss Trixie, an aged clerk at Levy Pants who suffers from dementia and compulsive hoarding *Mr. Gonzalez, the meek office manager at Levy Pants *Dorian Greene, a flamboyant French Quarter homosexual who puts on elaborate parties *Frieda Club, Betty Bumper, and Liz Steele, a trio of aggressive lesbians who run afoul of Ignatius *Dr. Talc, a mediocre professor at Tulane who had the misfortune of teaching Myrna and Ignatius *Miss Annie, the disgruntled neighbor of the Reillys who professes an addiction to headache medicine ==Ignatius at the movies== Toole provides comical descriptions of two of the films Ignatius watches without naming them; they can be recognized as Billy Rose's Jumbo and That Touch of Mink, both Doris Day features released in 1962.. In another passage, Ignatius declines to see another film, a "widely praised Swedish drama about a man who was losing his soul". This is most likely Ingmar Bergman's Winter Light, released in early 1963. In another passage, Irene Reilly recalls the night Ignatius was conceived: after she and her husband viewed Red Dust, released in October 1932. ==Confederacy and New Orleans== right|thumb|A "Lucky Dogs" cart from the era of the novel The book is famous for its rich depiction of New Orleans and the city's dialects, including Yat. Many locals and writers think that it is the best and most accurate depiction of the city in a work of fiction. A bronze statue of Ignatius J. Reilly can be found under the clock on the down- river side of the 800 block of Canal Street, New Orleans, the former site of the D. H. Holmes Department Store, now the Hyatt French Quarter Hotel. The statue mimics the opening scene: Ignatius waits for his mother under the D.H. Holmes clock, clutching a Werlein's shopping bag, dressed in a hunting cap, flannel shirt, baggy pants and scarf, 'studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste.' The statue is modeled on New Orleans actor John "Spud" McConnell, who portrayed Ignatius in a stage version of the novel. Various local businesses are mentioned in addition to D. H. Holmes, including Werlein's Music Store and local cinemas such as the Prytania Theater. Some readers from elsewhere assume Ignatius's favorite soft drink, Dr. Nut, to be fictitious, but it was an actual local soft drink brand of the era. The "Paradise Hot Dogs" vending carts are an easily recognized satire of those actually branded "Lucky Dogs". ==Structure== The structure of A Confederacy of Dunces reflects the structure of Ignatius's favorite book, Boethius' The Consolation of Philosophy. Like Boethius' book, A Confederacy of Dunces is divided into chapters that are further divided into a varying number of subchapters. Key parts of some chapters are outside of the main narrative. In Consolation, sections of narrative prose alternate with metrical verse. In Confederacy, such narrative interludes vary more widely in form and include light verse, journal entries by Ignatius, and also letters between himself and Myrna. A copy of The Consolation of Philosophy within the narrative itself also becomes an explicit plot device in several ways. ==The difficult path to publication== As outlined in the introduction to a later revised edition, the book would never have been published if Toole's mother had not found a smeared carbon copy of the manuscript left in the house following Toole's 1969 death at 31. She was persistent and tried several different publishers, to no avail. Thelma repeatedly called Walker Percy, an author and college instructor at Loyola University New Orleans, to demand for him to read it. He initially resisted; however, as he recounts in the book's foreword: The book was published by LSU Press in 1980. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1981. In 2005, Blackstone Audio released an unabridged audiobook of the novel, read by Barrett Whitener. While Tulane University in New Orleans retains a collection of Toole's papers, and some early drafts have been found, the location of the original manuscript is unknown. ==Adaptations== In March 1984, LSU staged a musical adaptation of the book, with book and lyrics by Frank Galati and music by Edward Zelnis; actor Scott Harlan played Ignatius. Kerry Shale read the book for BBC Radio 4's Book at Bedtime in 1982, and later adapted the book into a one-man show which he performed at the Adelaide Festival in 1990, at the Gate Theatre in London, and for BBC Radio. There have been repeated attempts to turn the book into a film. In 1982, Harold Ramis was to write and direct an adaptation, starring John Belushi as Ignatius and Richard Pryor as Burma Jones, but Belushi's death prevented this. Later, John Candy and Chris Farley were touted for the lead, but both of them, like Belushi, also died at an early age, leading many to ascribe a curse to the role of Ignatius. Director John Waters was interested in directing an adaptation that would have starred Divine, who also died at an early age, as Ignatius. British performer and writer Stephen Fry was at one point commissioned to adapt Toole's book for the screen. He was sent to New Orleans by Paramount Studios in 1997 to get background for a screenplay adaptation.. John Goodman, a longtime resident of New Orleans, was slated to play Ignatius at one point. A version adapted by Steven Soderbergh and Scott Kramer, and slated to be directed by David Gordon Green, was scheduled for release in 2005. The film was to star Will Ferrell as Ignatius and Lily Tomlin as Irene. A staged reading of the script took place at the 8th Nantucket Film Festival, with Ferrell as Ignatius, Anne Meara as Irene, Paul Rudd as Officer Mancuso, Kristen Johnston as Lana Lee, Mos Def as Burma Jones, Rosie Perez as Darlene, Olympia Dukakis as Santa Battaglia and Miss Trixie, Natasha Lyonne as Myrna, Alan Cumming as Dorian Greene, John Shea as Gonzales, Jesse Eisenberg as George, John Conlon as Claude Robichaux, Jace Alexander as Bartender Ben, Celia Weston as Miss Annie, Miss Inez & Mrs. Levy, and Dan Hedaya as Mr. Levy. Various reasons are cited as to why the Soderbergh version has yet to be filmed. They include disorganization and lack of interest at Paramount Pictures, Helen Hill the head of the Louisiana State Film Commission being murdered, and the devastating effects of Hurricane Katrina on New Orleans. When asked why the film was never made, Will Ferrell has said it is a "mystery". In 2012, there was a version in negotiation with director James Bobin and potentially starring Zach Galifianakis.. In a 2013 interview, Steven Soderbergh remarked "I think it's cursed. I'm not prone to superstition, but that project has got bad mojo on it." In November 2015, Huntington Theatre Company introduced a stage version of A Confederacy of Dunces written by Jeffrey Hatcher in their Avenue of the Arts/BU Theatre location in Boston, starring Nick Offerman as Ignatius J. Reilly. It set a record as the company's highest-grossing production. ==Critical reception== On November 5, 2019, the BBC News included A Confederacy of Dunces on its list of the 100 most inspiring novels. Confederacy of Dunces is regularly included on lists of 'most funny' or 'best comedic novel'. ==See also== * List of works published posthumously *Development hell ==References== ==Sources== * == Further reading == * . * . * . * , three scholarly articles (including one free full text) and other materials. * . * (literary analysis, chapter 15). * * * . * . * . * . * . * . * . * . ==External links== * . Written when the latest film adaptation was still scheduled to go ahead. * on the problems plaguing the film adaptation. * of first edition Confederacy of Dunces. * . A tour of Confederacy locations. Category:1980 American novels Category:American comedy novels Category:American novels adapted into plays Category:American satirical novels Category:Louisiana State University Press books Category:Novels published posthumously Category:Novels set in New Orleans Category:Novels set in the 1960s Category:PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction-winning works Category:Picaresque novels Category:Pulitzer Prize for Fiction-winning works Category:Southern Gothic novels
37284994	A Girl's Folly	thumb|The film A Girl's Folly A Girl's Folly is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Robert Warwick, Doris Kenyon, June Elvidge, Jane Adair, Chester Barnett, and Johnny Hines.Progressive Silent Film List: A Girl's Folly Tourneur also played the director for the film within the film. ==Plot== A young girl, who wants more from the environment of her small town, comes across a film crew shooting a western. When the leading man she befriends encourages her to become an actress, she moves to the big city. However, things do not turn out quite the way she planned. ==Cast== ==Production== Several scenes in the film show areas of the Paragon Films studio in Fort Lee, New Jersey, including the film lab, editing room, printing plant, spray chamber, cafeteria, dressing rooms, and film sets. ==Preservation== Prints of A Girl's Folly in various grades of completeness are held in several film archives including the Cineteca Del Friuli (Gemona), BFI National Archive, George Eastman Museum Motion Picture Collection, UCLA Film and Television Archive, and Library of Congress,Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Database: A Girl's Folly with a complete copy donated from a private collection to the American Film Institute and Library of Congress in 1972. An incomplete print was also found in 1978 in the Dawson Film Find preserved by permafrost.Library and Archives Canada, Dawson Film Find: A Girl's Folly ==References== ==External links== * * * Stills and commentary at moviessilently.com * Advertising material at silentfilmstillarchive.com * Category:1917 films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American silent feature films Category:American black- and-white films Category:1917 comedy films Category:Films directed by Maurice Tourneur Category:World Film Company films Category:1910s American films Category:Films shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey
37311088	A Blink of the Screen	A Blink of the Screen is a 2012 collection of short fiction by Terry Pratchett. Spanning the author's entire career, the collection contains almost all of his short fiction, whether or not set in the Discworld.Terry Pratchett | Home of Discworld and bestselling fantasy novels.Terry Pratchett A blink of the screen : collected short fiction (Book, 2012) [WorldCat.org] ==Contents== * Foreword by A. S. Byatt * Non-Discworld Shorter Writings # "The Hades Business" (1963) # "Solution" (1964) # "The Picture" (1965) # "The Prince and the Partridge" (1968) # "Rincemangle, The Gnome of Even Moor" (1973) # "Kindly Breathe in Short, Thick Pants" (1976) # "The Glastonbury Tales" (1977) # "There's No Fool Like an Old Fool Found in an English Queue" (1978) # "Coo, They've Given Me the Bird" (1978) # "And Mind the Monoliths" (1978) # "The High Meggas" (1986) # "Twenty Pence, with Envelope and Seasonal Greeting" (1987) # "Incubust" (1988) # "Final Reward" (1988) # "Turntables of the Night" (1989) # "#ifdefDEBUG + `world/enough' + `time'" (1990) # "Hollywood Chickens" (1990) # "The Secret Book of the Dead" (1991) # "Once and Future" (1995) # "FTB" (1996) # "Sir Joshua Easement: A Biographical Note" (2010) * Discworld Shorter Writings # "Troll Bridge" (1992) # "Theatre of Cruelty" (1993) # "The Sea and Little Fishes" (1998) # "The Ankh-Morpork National Anthem" (1999) # "Medical Notes" (2002) # "Thud: A Historical Perspective" (2002) # "A Few Words from Lord Havelock Vetinari" (2002) # "Death and What Comes Next" (2002) # "A Collegiate Casting-Out of Devilish Devices" (2005) # "Minutes of the Meeting to Form the Proposed Ankh-Morpork Federation of Scouts" (2007) # "The Ankh-Morpork Football Association Hall of Fame playing cards" (2009) * Appendix # Deleted extract from "The Sea and Little Fishes" (1998) # List of Illustrations ==References== ==External links== * Category:2012 short story collections Category:British short story collections Category:Fantasy short story collections Category:Science fiction short story collections Category:Discworld books Category:Doubleday (publisher) books
37330245	A Dictionary of Modern Slang, Cant, and Vulgar Words	A Dictionary of Modern Slang, Cant and Vulgar Words is a dictionary of slang originally compiled by publisher and lexicographer John Camden Hotten in 1859. The first edition was published in 1859, with the full title and subtitle: A dictionary of modern slang, cant, and vulgar words: used at the present day in the streets of London, the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the houses of Parliament, the dens of St. Giles, and the palaces of St. James : preceded by a history of cant and vulgar language : with glossaries of two secret languages, spoken by the wandering tribes of London, the costermongers, and the patterers.Full-text of 1860 edition at Google Books (last visited Oct. 15, 2012). It has also been published as The Slang Dictionary: Etymological, Historical, and Anecdotal. The dictionary included criminal slang, back slang, rhyming slang, and other types of slang.Jonathon Green, in Toby Ash, "Slang: The Universal Language" (Interview by Toby Ash with lexicographer Jonathon Green), Salon.com, Oct. 15, 2012. Its author, Hotten, included histories of some slangs (back slang and rhyming slang), a detailed bibliography, and a noted definition: : Slang represents that evanescent, vulgar language, ever changing with fashion and taste, … spoken by persons in every grade of life, rich and poor, honest and dishonest … Slang is indulged in from a desire to appear familiar with life, gaiety, town-humour and with the transient nick names and street jokes of the day … Slang is the language of street humour, of fast, high and low life … Slang is as old as speech and the congregating together of people in cities. It is the result of crowding, and excitement, and artificial life. It is often full of the most pungent satire, and is always to the point. Without point Slang has no raison d’etre.Quoted by Jonathon Green, in Toby Ash, 2012. Hotten's work was arguably the most important work on swears since Francis Grose's 1785 Classical Dictionary of the Vulgar Tongue.Tony Thorne (2000) "Slang and the Dictionary". ==Editions== * 1859 – First edition, originally published as by "A London Antiquary" * 1860 – Second edition * 1864 – Related text: Illustrations of Slang, Cant, and Vulgar Words * 1865 – Third edition * 1872 – Fourth edition * 1874 – Fifth edition ==Notes== ==References and further research== * Julie Coleman, A History of Cant and Slang Dictionaries, Volume III: 1859-1936. Oxford University Press, 2008. ==External links== * Full-text of the 1860 edition at Google Books * Digital version of the 1860 edition at Project Gutenburg * Digital version of the 1860 edition at Internet Archive Category:English dictionaries Category:Slang dictionaries Category:1859 books
37342844	A Dark Lantern	thumb|Publicity photo from a contemporary newspaper. A Dark Lantern is a lost The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:..A Dark Lantern 1920 American silent drama film produced and released by Realart Pictures. It is based on a 1905 novel of the same name by Elizabeth Robins. The AFI Catalog of Feature Films:..A Dark Lantern John S. Robertson directed and Alice Brady and her then husband James Crane star.The American Film Institute Catalog Feature Films: 1911-20 published by The American Film Institute, c.1920allmovie/synopsis; A Dark LanternPictorial History of the Silent Screen by Daniel C. Blum , c. 1953 p. 173 According to the AFI Catalog, the film was shot at the Essanay studios in Chicago as that was where Alice Brady was appearing in a play at the time. ==Plot== As described in a film magazine, mistaking the intentions of Prince Anton (Denny) of Argovinia in seeking her hand, young English woman Katherine Dereham (Brady) suffers a great shock when his attentions culminate in a proposal that she be his morganatic wife, his country requiring an alliance with a royal princess. This, together with the blow of her father's death, shatters Katherine's nerves and causes a breakdown. She recovers under the rigid administrations of Dr. Garth Vincent (Crane). Her attitude of antagonistic exaggeration of his sternness that conceives it as sheer brutality makes her submission to the deep love he bears her a sorrowful task. His patience at last breaks her embittered spirit and sends her to his home, willing to accept his protection under compromising circumstances. The realness of his affection is at last revealed to her and Prince Anton, whose love for Katherine has made him risk his throne by divorcing his wife, is sent back to Argovinia. ==Cast== *Alice Brady as Katherine Dereham *James Crane as Dr. Garth Vincent *Reginald Denny as Prince Anton *Brandon Hurst as Colonel Dereham *Marie Burke as Lady Peterborough *David Monterno as Graf-Wilhelm *Carolyn Irwin as Mrs. Hally *Mrs. Tony West as Mrs. Todine *Roni Pursell as Princess Margaretha *Russell McDermott as Leonard *Virginia Huppert as Nurse for Katherine *Dorothy Betts as Natalie, Maid ==References== ==External links== * *Lantern slide; A Dark Lantern Category:1920 films Category:Films directed by John S. Robertson Category:Films based on American novels Category:Lost American films Category:1920 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films set in England Category:1920 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1920s American films
37384484	A Better World (organization)	A Better World (ABW) is an organization that is based in Lacombe, Alberta, Canada. It is a charitable organization, formed in 1990. Eric Rajah is one of the co-founders of ABW. More than 1800 people had volunteered on ABW projects by 2010. ==Projects== ABW has several projects in Kenya, including the support of a hospital in Maasai Mara. ABW has also provided humanitarian aid to Burmese refugees in India. In 2009, Cross Roads Church in Red Deer considered partnering with ABW on a project to give two internally displaced persons camps in Kosti, Sudan, access to a water source. In 2011, Azalea Lehndorff started the 100 Classroom Project, an ABW initiative that educates girls in Afghanistan. The goal of the project is to build 100 classrooms in Jowzjan Province in the space of three years. ABW has also helped with building development of St Luke's Leprosarium, Peikulum in Tamil Nadu. ==Partnership with Raise Their Voice== ABW partnered with Raise Their Voice throughout the 2012 tour of Andrew Kooman's She Has a Name; while the play toured across Canada to raise awareness about human trafficking, ABW raised money to help women and children who had been trafficked in Thailand as part of the country's prostitution industry. Specifically, the money raised went to Home of New Beginnings, a safe house established in Bangkok in 2006, where former human trafficking victims can receive life skills-based education and spiritual healing, thereby allowing them to attain a healthy and financially stable lifestyle. At the time of the 2012 tour of the play, Home of New Beginnings had 17 residents, the oldest being 33 and the youngest being 11. From their fundraising initiative with Raise Their Voice, ABW hoped to raise $12000 to pay an outstanding property bill, $18000 to buy two auto rickshaws, $9000 to finance a training building, $9000 to buy vocational education equipment, and $5000 to finance a gift shop in which the residents sell products they have made, such as baked goods. All five members of Raise Their Voice had previous connections with ABW, and the plan to have the two organizations working in conjunction had been developing since 2011. The program passed out at each performance recommended ABW to audiences as a good organization to support, as well as listing the websites of several other nonprofit organizations. ==References== Category:Adventist organizations established in the 20th century Category:Children's charities based in Canada Category:Christian educational organizations Category:Development charities based in Canada Category:Independent ministries of the Seventh-day Adventist Church Category:International volunteer organizations Category:Lacombe, Alberta Category:Organizations based in Alberta Category:Foreign charities operating in Kenya Category:Foreign charities operating in Thailand Category:Social welfare parachurch organizations Category:Human trafficking in Thailand
3740022	A Gun for Sale	A Gun for Sale is a 1936 novel by Graham Greene about a criminal called Raven, a man dedicated to ugly deeds. When he is paid, with stolen notes, for killing the Minister of War, he becomes a man on the run. Tracking down the agent who double-crossed him, and eluding the police simultaneously, he becomes both the hunter and the hunted. The novel was published and filmed in the United States under the title This Gun for Hire. The novel prefigures Greene's later, more famous, work, Brighton Rock, wherein Pinkie Brown's killing of Hale sets the events of the novel in motion in much the same way that Raven's assassination of the Minister of War sows the seeds for conflict in A Gun for Sale. ==Plot summary== Raven, an English assassin, is hired to kill a government minister in a European country (in fact, Czechoslovakia), an act calculated to provoke a European war. Returning to London, he is paid off in cash by his contact, who uses the false name "Cholmondeley". However, when Raven starts spending the notes, he discovers they were stolen. Furious at being cheated and hunted by the police who think he was the thief, without a ticket he follows "Cholmondeley" onto a train going to Nottwich. Also on the train is Anne Crowder, a chorus girl travelling to start work in a pantomime. Her fiancée, Mather, is the detective leading the hunt for Raven. At Nottwich, Raven uses Anne's ticket to get off the station and, since she has recognised him, he takes her to an empty house to kill her. Escaping, she does not report what has happened, out of sympathy for Raven, but instead goes to the theatre to work. There, she is asked out to dinner by one of the backers, Davis, who is "Cholmondeley". After dinner he takes her to a house where, when he realises she knows about his involvement with Raven, he smothers her, though he does not kill her. The owner of the house helps herself to Anne's smart monogrammed handbag and the next day is seen with it in the street by Raven, who forces his way into the house and finds Anne weak but still alive. She agrees to co- operate with him, since both want Davis/Cholmondeley dead, and he takes her to a hideout he has found. While in hiding, they discuss Raven's murder of the government minister; Raven also talks to Anne about his childhood and the difficult circumstances in which he discovered his mother's suicide—details that will anticipate Raven's own death and the imagery the novel uses to depict his final moments.Fluet, Lisa, "Hit Man Modernism," in Bad Modernisms Durham: Duke University Press, 2006 In the night, the hideout is surrounded by police, led by Jimmy Mather, and Anne decoys them so that Raven can escape. Nonetheless, Raven has to shoot and wound a policeman to flee. There is gas drill practice, in preparation for war, and everyone, except Raven, is wearing a gas-mask, so he forces a student participating in a rag to undress and give him his clothes and gas mask. Thusly disguised as a student participating in the rag stunt, Raven spots Davis, without a gas-mask, in the street, and fines him for charity. Davis says he has no cash and will pay him in his office. Going there, Raven discovers it is the headquarters of a giant steel company that will profit hugely from a war and that the boss is Sir Marcus, a corrupt industrialist. Upon discovering that Marcus is Davis/Cholmondeley's boss Raven takes him at gunpoint up to the suite of Sir Marcus. After explaining his reasons, he kills both men and is himself shot dead by police who have surrounded the building. ==Characters== *Raven—a cold-hearted assassin for hire. Raven's father was hanged for murder, and his mother committed suicide by cutting her throat. Raven then lived in a home for orphans. He has grown-up in extreme poverty and is highly sensitive about his harelip. *Jimmy Mather— a police detective trailing Raven. His brother committed suicide, and Mather found his body. Mather joined the police for the stability its routine provides. *Anne Crowder—a chorus girl engaged to Mather, whom Raven uses as a shield. The two develop a fragile friendship, though in the end she betrays him. The novel ends with Anne and Mather planning marriage, *Willie Davis (pseudonym, Cholmondeley) —a grossly sensual man employed by Sir Marcus, who betrays Raven by paying him with stolen bank notes. Anne helps Raven get revenge upon him. *Sir Marcus, a very old and corrupt steel tycoon, who is responsible for hiring Raven to assassinate the Minister. He hopes this will cause another world war and lead to huge profits. *Saunders—a decent police detective with a heavy stammer. He is Mather's loyal protégé and plays a vital role in the novel's climax. ==Settings== *An unnamed Central European capital, meant to be Prague,Greene, Graham. A Gun For Sale. Harmondsworth, Penguin, 1963. p5 where Raven murders the old politician and his secretary. *London, where Raven is paid off by Cholmondeley,Greene, Graham. A Gun For Sale. Harmondsworth, Penguin, 1963. p12 where Anne has lodgings but cannot find work, and where Mather is based at Scotland Yard. *Nottwich, a fictional version of Nottingham,Greene, Graham. A Gun For Sale. Harmondsworth, Penguin, 1963. p40 site of the steel works where Sir Marcus lives in a penthouse, where Anne gets a job in a pantomime, and where Raven goes to find and kill Cholmondeley. * At the time of writing, tensions towards the outbreak of the Second World War were already increasing. Two years before the signing of the Munich Agreement, it was a reasonable surmise to assume that Czechoslovakia would have an important role in the unfolding drama. ==Publication history and adaptations== The novel was first published by Doubleday Doran in the US in June 1936 as This Gun for Hire and by William Heinemann in the UK in July 1936 as A Gun for Sale. Several film and television adaptations have been made; a 1942 film version transposed to wartime California starred Alan Ladd and Veronica Lake under the title This Gun for Hire, a Turkish adaptation (Günes Dogmasin) was made in 1961 and 1972 as Yaralı Kurt, and an Italian television mini-series, Una pistola in vendita, followed in 1970. The 1942 film was remade in 1957 under the title Short Cut to Hell and as a TV movie in 1991 starring Robert Wagner. ==References== Category:Novels by Graham Greene Category:1936 British novels Category:British novels adapted into films Category:Doubleday, Doran books Category:Heinemann (publisher) books Category:Works about organised crime in the United Kingdom Category:Novels set in Prague Category:Novels set in Nottingham
37404987	A Child of the Fifties	"A Child of the Fifties" is a song written by Don Reid, and recorded by American country music group The Statler Brothers. It was released in September 1982 as the second single from the album The Legend Goes On. The song reached #17 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. ==Content== Much like many of the Statler Brothers' songs, the song mixes a relationship with nostalgia and contemporary references. The song is a young man's somewhat bittersweet look back at his youth, the then still-relatively recent 1950s in which he grew up, and muses as the carefree days of his youth gave way to early adulthood, in which he lived through the 1960s and 1970s and now, as a father of three living in the (then) early 1980s, he looks back with no regrets. The song also drops hints of a possibly failed marriage in the refrain. Historic and cultural references mentioned included early television and rock and roll, I Love Lucy, The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin, the Vietnam War, the Apollo 11 moon landing, Watergate, Democrats making gains in the Senate and House of Representatives during the 1974 midterm elections and the death of Elvis Presley. ==Background== "A Child of the Fifties" was the final top 20 hit featuring vocals by Lew DeWitt. Recorded in 1981, a year prior to his retirement due to his health, DeWitt performed solo vocals on the third verse (The seventies were ten years of rerun … ); as was the case with several other Statler Brothers' songs, each member takes a solo turn singing a verse or portion of the song. ==Chart performance== Chart (1982-1983) Peak position ==References== Category:Songs about nostalgia Category:1983 singles Category:The Statler Brothers songs Category:Songs written by Don Reid (singer) Category:Song recordings produced by Jerry Kennedy Category:Mercury Records singles Category:1982 songs
37407787	A Double Dose of Soul	A Double Dose of Soul is the second album by saxophonist/flautist James Clay featuring performances recorded in 1960 and originally released on the Riverside label.Riverside Records discography accessed October 22, 2012 ==Reception== Scott Yanow of Allmusic says, "Clay splits his time between his lyrical flute and tough tenor, proving to be an excellent bop-based improviser".Yanow, S. Allmusic Review accessed October 22, 2012 ==Track listing== # "New Delhi" (Victor Feldman) - 6:35 # "I Remember You" (Victor Schertzinger, Johnny Mercer) - 6:30 # "Come Rain or Come Shine" (Harold Arlen, Mercer) - 6:33 # "Pockets" (Nat Adderley) - 5:36 # "Pavanne" (Feldman) - 6:07 # "Linda Serene" (Daniel Jackson) - 8:02 # "Lost Tears"(Jackson) - 4:06 # "New Delhi" [alternate take] (Feldman) - 3:12 Bonus track on CD reissue # "Come Rain or Come Shine" [alternate take] (Arlen, Mercer) - 3:11 Bonus track on CD reissue ==Personnel== *James Clay - tenor saxophone, flute *Nat Adderley - cornet *Victor Feldman - vibraphone *Gene Harris - piano *Sam Jones - bass *Louis Hayes - drums ==References== Category:Riverside Records albums Category:James Clay (musician) albums Category:1960 albums Category:Albums produced by Orrin Keepnews
37415058	A Kiss So Deadly	A Kiss So Deadly is a 1996 made-for-television thriller directed by Chuck Bowman. ==Cast== * Charles Shaughnessy as Tom Deese * Dedee Pfeiffer as Catherine Deese * Tom Bresnahan as Todd Gale * Noelle Parker as June Stern * Kerrie Keane as Addy Deese * Charlotte Ross as Amanda Blake * Scott Simpson as Stalker * Jeffrey Pillars as Ray * Robert Catrini as Craig * Paul Sincoff as Officer Cruz * Tim Gardner as Officer Chaso * Nina Repeta as Waitress * Jeff Hochendoner as Bartender * William Gregory Lee as Adam * Steve Posner as Professor * Michael Genevie as Det. Ron Marin * Hank Troscianiec as First Cop * Brian Keith Gamble (credited as Brian Gamble) as Second Cop * Julián Vicente as Detective * Barry Bell as Condo Supervisor ==Crew== * Directed by Chuck Bowman * Written by Nevin Schreiner (story and teleplay) and Monica Parker (story) * Produced by Chuck Bowman, Jennifer Alward (executive producer) and Jill Proctor (associate producer) * Music by Joseph Conlan * Cinematography by Karl Herrmann * Edited by Jonathon Braun ==Plot== Tom Deese (Charles Shaughnessy) falls in love with his daughter's roommate, Amanda (Charlotte Ross), and becomes the focus of his daughter Catherine's (Dedee Pfeiffer) suspicions when Amanda is murdered. ==Reception== Variety film critic Tony Scott, wrote that Shaughnessy ‘doesn’t do much convincing’ and that his former Days of Our Lives co-star Ross fared better, giving her character ‘an easygoing, even sympathetic, quality.’ He also noted Pfeiffer's ‘intelligent face’ and felt that Simpson ‘turns in the best scene of the production when he rasps into a phone.’ Scott added that the production was technically sound, but faults were the result of Schreiner's ‘absurd script.’T. Scott, 'Review: A Kiss So Deadly, Variety, 14 October 1996, accessed 6 January 2015. == References == ==External links== * Category:1996 films Category:1996 thriller films Category:American thriller television films Category:Films directed by Chuck Bowman
3741922	A Handful of Dust (band)	A Handful of Dust are a New Zealand free noise band featuring guitarist Bruce Russell, violinist Alastair Galbraith and drummer Peter Stapleton. ==Discography== Date of Release Title Label Charted Country Catalog Number 1993 Concord LP Twisted Village/Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes001 1994 The Philosophick Mercury Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes002 1994 The Eightness of Adam Qadmon Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes003 1994 Musica Humana Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes004 1994 The Seventhness Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes005 1994 Three Dances in Honour of Sabbatai Sevi, The Apostate Messiah Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes006 1995 From a Soundtrack to the Anabase of St. John Perse Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes009 1996 Now Gods, Stand Up For Bastards Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes013 1996 Topology of a Phantom City Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes020 1997 Spiritual Libertines Crank Automative - - 1998 Jerusalem, Street of Graves Corpus Hermeticum - - Hermes029 2000 From a Soundtrack to the Anabase of St. John Perse (reissue) Bluesilver - - 2002 For Patti Smith FreewaySound - - 2003 Mares' Milk Mixed With Blood Non Mi Piace - - 07 2008 Now Gods, Stand Up For Bastards/The Philosophik Mercury (reissue) No Fun Productions - - NFP34 2009 Panegyric Next Best Way - - NBWAY08 Category:New Zealand musical groups
37465942	A Crown Imperilled	A Crown Imperilled (US: A Crown Imperiled) is a fantasy novel by American writer Raymond E. Feist, the second in The Chaoswar Saga trilogy, which is the final saga in The Riftwar Cycle. The novel was released on January 30, 2012. ==Plot summary== The Empire of Great Kesh has risen in battle against the western lands of The Kingdom of the Isles on Midkemia while palace coups take place in Roldem and Rillanon, Jim Dasher's intelligence network has been dismantled and minor noblemen threaten the thrones of the West. Pug and the Conclave of Shadows suspect another player is behind the events. As Pug and his son Magnus work to unravel the plot to plunge the world into chaos, they discover an island civilization of Pantathian serpent men, and are startled to find that these Pantathians have a refined culture and social structure, unlike any they have encountered before. Deepening the mystery is a mysterious energy matrix that Pug and Magnus feel certain they must decipher. Hal, now Duke of Crydee after his father's recent death, though he is not initially aware of this fact, is given the task of protecting Princess Stephané of Roldem, along with his friend and rival Ty Hawkins of Olasko, and Stephané's bodyguard Gabriella, as they flee Roldem following a coup attempt. Along the journey, Hal and Stephané begin to fall in love, though Hal knows his rank and station would never allow them to be married. Meanwhile, Kesh has pushed the Kingdom armies in the West to the strategic city of Ylith, where Hal's younger brothers Martin and Brendan try desperately to hold the city against the siege. Child and Belog, two demons from the fifth circle of Hell, having been mysteriously implanted with the memories of Miranda and Nakor – Pug's slain wife and close friend, respectively – have assumed Miranda and Nakor's forms as well, and seek out Pug and the Conclave in order to assist with the looming crisis. Along the way, they find themselves in Ylith, where they aid the Kingdom in its defense, and are joined by the elf prince Calis and Arkan, a dark elf also seeking Pug. After Ylith's immediate future is secured, the four make their way to Sorcerer's Isle and eventually reunite with Pug and the Conclave, though because of their true nature, the reunion is strained, especially for Magnus. In the war between Kesh and the Kingdom, a truce is called suddenly, and their rulers gather in Roldem to discuss terms. At the evening's banquet, though, shadowy supernatural assassins known as Death Dancers are unleashed, and only the skills of Hal, Ty, Jim Dasher, and his Roldemish counterpart and lover Lady Franciezka are able to save the rulers of the three nations. Agreements are reached, and the rulers return to their kingdoms, but King Gregory of the Isles, already in poor health, dies with no heirs, leading to a potential war of succession, and puts Hal's life in danger as a cousin to the king. Meanwhile, the magicians' combined efforts are eventually able to make progress with the matrix, but when they delve too deep, they set off a trap, creating a cataclysmic release of energy, obliterating the island and everyone on it, and summoning every dragon on the world from their slumber. ==Errata== All first editions contain a continuity error in the later parts of the book where the character Pug is shown to be in two places simultaneously. This was an error in the editing process and was corrected in later editions. ==References== Category:2012 American novels Category:2012 fantasy novels Category:Novels by Raymond E. Feist Category:HarperCollins books
37484258	A Dream (album)	A Dream is an album by Max Romeo, released in 1969. The album, due to its cover design, is often referred to as A Dream by Max Romeo. Produced by Bunny Lee, it featured Max Romeo's first hit, the lyrically explicit "Wet Dream". Tracks like "Wood Under Cellar", "Wine Her Goosie" and "The Horn" continued the rude theme, though songs such as "Far Far Away" and "Love" were more traditional ballads, the latter made more outstanding through vibrant Rastafari-influenced percussion; "Club Raid" speaks of Romeo’s survival of a punitive police bust. ==Track listing== All tracks composed by Max Romeo except where indicated. ;Side A #"Wet Dream" - 2:45 #"A No Fe Me Piccn'y" - 3:12 #"Far Far Away" - 3:01 #"The Horn" - 2:22 #"Hear My Plea" - 3:24 #"Love" - 3:02 ;Side B #"I Don't Want to Lose Your Love" - 3:00 #"Wood Under Cellar" - 2:30 #"Wine Her Goosie" (Harry Dee) \- 3:03 #"Club Raid" - 2:43 #"You Can't Stop Me" - 2:20 ==Personnel== *Max Romeo - vocals *Errol Daniels - lead guitar *The Rudies - backing band *Derrick Morgan, Ranford "Ronnie" Williams - arrangements ;Technical *Tony Pike - engineer *Carl Palmer, Jeff Palmer - cover ==Singles== *1968: "Wet Dream" *1969: "Wine Her Goosie" ==References== Category:1969 debut albums Category:Max Romeo albums Category:Pama Records albums
37487965	A Life's Morning	A Life's Morning is a novel by English author George Gissing. Although written in the space of three months during 1886 it was first published, in serial form, beginning January 1888, in Cornhill Magazine"A Life's Morning," Cornhill Magazine, Part II, Vol. X/XI, 1888. before being released by Smith, Elder & Co. as a novel. ==Plot== Originally entitled Emily, it tells the story of a poor, yet cultivated, young woman, Emily Hood, from a small town in the north of England. While serving as a governess to a wealthy country family, she becomes enamored of her employer's son, Wilfrid Athel, and the two are engaged. However, during a visit to her parents' home, she is confronted by her father's employer, Dagworthy, who threatens to expose her father as a thief unless Emily marries him. The situation is resolved when Hood Sr. commits suicide to spare his family the shame of his deeds as he had, indeed, 'stolen' ten pounds from his employer. Emily rejects Wilfrid, partly out of sympathy for her father, but they meet again, many years later, and are married. ==References== * ==External links== * * * A Life's Morning, Vol. II, Vol. III, at Internet Archive Category:Novels by George Gissing Category:1888 British novels Category:Victorian novels Category:Novels set in England Category:Novels set in the 19th century Category:Novels first published in serial form
37548206	A Knight in York	A Knight in York is a live album by the group Blackmore's Night, released in 2012. The album recorded in autumn of 2011 at the Opera House in York, England. It entered at #2 on the New Age Billboard Charts. It entered at #2 on the German DVD Charts, and entered at 8# on the German album charts. The album also reached #46 in Austria and #85 in Switzerland. It mostly consists of songs from their two albums, Secret Voyage and Autumn Sky. ==Track listing== # "Locked Within the Crystal Ball" – 8:47 # "Gilded Cage" - 4:18 # "The Circle" - 7:17 # "Journeyman" - 6:58 (Nordman cover) # "World of Stone" - 6:14 # "The Peasant's Promise" - 5:11 # "Toast to Tomorrow" - 4:48 # "Fires at Midnight" - 9:44 # "Barbara Allen" - 5:27 # "Darkness" - 3:30 # "Dance of the Darkness" - 3:47 # "Dandelion Wine" - 6:07 # "All the Fun of the Fayre" - 4:07 # "First of May" - 3:35 (Bee Gees cover) ==Personnel== * Ritchie Blackmore - guitars, mandolin, hurdy-gurdy * Candice Night - lead vocals, shawms, assorted woodwinds, tambourine * Squire Malcolm of Lumley (Malcolm Dick) - drums, percussion * Bard David of Larchmont - keyboards, background vocals * Gypsy Rose (Elizabath Cary) - violins, background vocals * Earl Grey of Chimay (Mike Clemente) - bass, rhythm guitar * Minstrel Albert - shawms, bagpipes * Autumn - special guest ==Charts== Chart (2012) Peak position Russian Albums Chart 24 US Top New Age Charts (Billboard) 2 ==Notes== ==External links== * Lyrics at Blackmore's Night official site Category:Blackmore's Night albums Category:2012 live albums Category:Albums produced by Ritchie Blackmore
37624429	A Little Bit of Soul (1998 film)	A Little Bit of Soul is a 1998 Australian film directed by Peter Duncan, described as a black comedy. He got the idea to make the film after having a dinner party with friends in 1996,Andrew Urban, "Duncan, Peter : A Little Bit of Soul", Urban Cinefile. Retrieved 13 November 2012 the year his successful historical comedy Children of the Revolution was released. At the ARIA Music Awards of 1998 the soundtrack was nominated for Best Original Soundtrack, Cast or Show Album.ARIA Award previous winners. ==Plot== Richard Shorkinghorn (David Wenham) is a researcher investigating progeria in chickens, and believes his findings could have implications for human aging, but his applications for further funding are rejected. He receives intimations of support from philanthropist Grace Michael (Heather Mitchell), whose husband Godfrey Usher (Geoffrey Rush) is Federal Treasurer, and accepts an invitation to a weekend at their country estate. Complicating matters, Richard's ex- assistant and ex-girlfriend, Kate Haslett (Frances O'Connor), who left him to pursue the same line of research, is competing for funding and is a fellow guest. Kate is apparently at home among the trappings of wealth and privilege, and a hit with their hosts, to Richard's discomfiture. After a drunken dinner Godfrey confesses to Richard that he has no understanding of economics, and his wife makes a clumsy attempt to seduce him. Following the apparent suicide of Sue Harrington, a fellow guest who is not seen, their hosts confessed to being Satanists, and give a million dollar research grant to Richard and Kate, who subsequently marry. The research results in discovery of a virus which can control the aging process, which to Grace's extreme annoyance Richard refuses to divulge, and she proceeds to sacrifice Richard and Kate according to some kind of demonic ritual. They are saved by Dr. Sommerville, a Satanist who was once Kate's fortune-teller. Godfrey (by now Prime Minister) passes to the police evidence that Richard murdered Sue Harrington, but at the trial defence lawyer Peter Duncan unnerves him with a series of questions on economics. Godfrey at first has his standard replies, then, further confused, resorts to nihilism theory and demonism, morphing into contempt for ordinary mortals and a triumphant admission he was the murderer. Richard and Kate never publish; instead they open a small pharmacy, where they have a limited supply of unlabelled bottles they pass on to selected customers. ==Cast== * Geoffrey Rush as Godfrey Usher, blustering Federal Treasurer, later Prime Minister * Heather Mitchell as heiress Grace Michael, his unstable wife * David Wenham as Richard Shorkinghorn, researcher * Frances O'Connor as Kate Haslett, once his girlfriend and assistant * Roy Billing as Judge Voices only: * Paul Livingston as chicken voices * Richard Roxburgh as Sir Samuel Michael ==References== ==External links== * * * *A Little Bit of Soul at Oz Movies *A Little Bit of Soul at Urban Cinefile Category:Australian black comedy films Category:1998 films Category:Films scored by Nigel Westlake Category:1990s English-language films Category:Films directed by Peter Duncan
37632594	A Little More Work	"A Little More Work" is a song recorded by Canadian country music artist Kira Isabella. It was released July 31, 2012 as the third single from her debut studio album Love Me Like That (2012). Peaking at number 68 on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and number 5 on the Canada Country airplay chart, it is, as of March 2018, Isabella's most commercially successful single. A "radio mix" of the song was released October 21, 2014 as Isabella's second American single, following "Quarterback". ==Composition== "A Little More Work" is a country song additionally influenced by pop and rock music with a duration of three minutes and fifteen seconds. MusicRow also described the song's sound as "bluesy". It was written by Kira Isabella, Jason Phelps, and Walt Aldridge, and was produced by Jerry Lane and Mark Liggett. The song is instrumented by distorted guitars and features empowering lyrics about a girl who refuses to give up her heart easily, insisting her love interest has "a little more work" to do to keep her satisfied. Isabella's "good girl who brashly goes her own way" attitude on the song has been favorably compared to Taylor Swift by Wondering Sound magazine. ==Music video== The music video was directed by Ben Knechtel and premiered August 17, 2012. ===Awards and nominations=== The video for "A Little More Work" was nominated for the CMT Video of the Year award at the 2013 Canadian Country Music Association Awards, but lost to Gord Bamford's "Leaning on a Lonesome Song". ==Chart performance== "A Little More Work" debuted at number 93 on the Canadian Hot 100 for the week of September 8, 2012. Chart (2012) Peak position ==Release history== Country Date Format Label Canada July 31, 2012 Digital download Sony Music Canada Country radio United States October 21, 2014 Digital download November 2014 Country radio ==References== Category:2012 singles Category:Kira Isabella songs Category:Songs written by Walt Aldridge Category:2012 songs
37641439	A Little Bit Longer (song)	"A Little Bit Longer" is a song by the Jonas Brothers, written and sung by Nick Jonas. The song was released as the first promotional single from their third studio album of the same name. ==Background and composition== The title of the album, "A Little Bit Longer", comes from their song of the same name, which Nick Jonas wrote about his feelings with having type 1 diabetes. Nick explained his motivations for writing the "life song" about his battle with type 1 diabetes at a press conference Wednesday morning (August 6). "I had a day when my sugar was out of range, and I sat down at the piano and wrote it in 20 minutes," he said. "And it was because I had this strong inspiration. A lot of people have told me it's inspiring." In their book Burning Up, Nick said that he wrote a song about diabetes called "A Little Bit Longer": "I was in Canada shooting Camp Rock, and I was having one of those days where my blood sugar was a little bit out of control. I walked into a banquet room at the hotel where we were staying and saw a baby grand piano. Nobody was in there, so I sat down and began to play. Fifteen minutes later I called everybody into the room to come listen to the song. They all loved it. It was a really great feeling, because I had been feeling so down." ==Other uses== A live version of the song was used in 2008 as a B-side of their single "Burnin' Up". The song was included on their 2009 EP iTunes Live from SoHo.iTunes Live from SoHo – EP by Jonas Brothers – Download iTunes Live from SoHo – EP on iTunes The live version of the song played at SoHo was also featured on the "Fly with Me" EP. On May 11, 2010 the song formed part of a medley with the song "Black Keys" on the live album Nick Jonas & The Administration Live at the Wiltern January 28th, 2010. The song was also a part of the Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience movie set list. ==Critical reception== Chris Willman of Entertainment Weekly gave the album a grade of B+ and wrote: "The album really has only one true, through-and-through ballad — the closing title song, a tune Nick wrote about being hospitalized for diabetes, which comes off as surprisingly matter-of-fact and unsentimental. Several more upbeat numbers bear comely choruses that suggest they might have been conceived as ballads, but rather than simply indulge worshipful lasses who'd probably gladly sway their arms to goop, the boys can't help but keep credibly rocking out. For that, Jonas Brothers, the parents of the world salute you...and, possibly, secretly burn copies of their daughters' CDs to play on their way to work." ==Live performances== Nick Jonas performed "A Little Bit Longer" for the first time during the Jonas Brothers' When You Look Me in the Eyes Tour. The performance of the song consisted of Nick Jonas singing the song behind the piano. During the song Nick would often do a short speech about the song, and would finish it with a backing band. It became a feature of every subsequent tour. During the Jonas Brothers World Tour 2009 he performed the song in a medley with the song "Black Keys". In 2010 during his time as Nick Jonas & the Administration he performed the song in a medley with "Black Keys" as part of their Who I Am Tour. In 2011 he performed the song with the Administration; first in a medley with the Coldplay song "Yellow" during their performance at the Cisco Bluesfest in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada on July 16. On August 13 of the same year he performed during Musikfest an acoustic version of "A Little Bit Longer" again in a medley with Coldplay's "Yellow" and "It Takes Two" from the musical Hairspray. He once again performed the song as a medley with "Yellow" during the Nick Jonas 2011 Tour, and regularly sang it during the Jonas Brothers' 2012/2013 World Tour. On some dates he performed the song on a guitar. On November 28, 2012 the song was again performed in a medley with "Yellow". The following day, Nick performed the song acoustically in a medley with "Yellow" and the Rihanna song "Diamonds". On March 3, 2013 the song was performed in Argentina alongside "Diamonds" again. On July 13, the song was performed as part of the set list of the Jonas Brothers Live Tour. On July 23, July 25, and July 31, "A Little Bit Longer" and "Black Keys" were both performed in a medley. On August 3 it was performed in a medley with "Dear God". ==Versions== * "A Little Bit Longer" (album version) – 3:25 ;Other versions * "A Little Bit Longer" (iTunes Live from SoHo) – 5:47 * "A Little Bit Longer" (live version) – 8:38 * "Black Keys / A Little Bit Longer" (live) – 7:16 ==Personnel== Credits for A Little Bit Longer: *Nick Jonas – lead vocals, piano *John Fields – producer ==Charts== Chart (2008–2009) Peak position US Pop 100 (Billboard) 20 ==References== Category:Jonas Brothers songs Category:2008 songs Category:Songs written by Nick Jonas Category:Pop ballads Category:Rock ballads Category:2000s ballads Category:Song recordings produced by John Fields (record producer)
3764406	A Caveat or Warning for Common Cursitors	A Caveat or Warning for Common Cursitors, vulgarly called vagabonds (shortened as Caveat) was first published in 1566 by Thomas Harman, and although no copies of that edition survive, it must have been popular, because two printers were punished by the Stationers' Company in 1567 for pirated editions. Two editions were published in 1568, and a revised edition in 1573. It is one of the fundamental texts for rogue literature. Harman is one of the first writers to use the word rogue, which was adopted in the Poor Law legislation of 1572. Harman claimed to have collected his material directly from interviews with vagabonds themselves. The Caveat contained stories of vagabond life, a description of their society and techniques, a taxonomy of rogues, and a canting dictionary, which were reproduced in later works. Harman's reputation has changed since his work was first republished in the early twentieth century; A. V. Judges described him then as having "all the deftness of the trained sociologist", and the Caveat has been used as a primary source. However, historians have long doubted the reliability of his accounts of vagabond society and the use of cant. Harman has been subject to literary analysis informed by Marx, Freud and Foucault, although historian A.L. Beier suggested these "appear to be fruitful sources of fertile error". Harman was certainly not a neutral observer; he frequently makes an explicit moral and social judgement about his subjects. These reflect a society in which sexual incontinence (that is, promiscuity) was subject to penalties in the local manor courts, the church courts and by justices of the peace in quarter sessions. It was also a society in ferment over the appropriate response to the increasing number of "masterless men". A large part of the Caveat was included in William Harrison's 16th-century work, Description of England as part of Holinshed's Chronicle. Harman influenced and justified the legal punishment of vagrants, particularly the 1572 Vagabond Act. It was Harman's characterization of vagrants that influenced Elizabethan perspectives on them. ==Thomas Harman== Little is known about Thomas Harman's life. He was from the gentry, described as an esquire in 1557, and with a coat of arms, with which he marked his plate. He inherited land in several parishes in Kent, and resided on an estate near Dartford from 1547. His wife Anne was the daughter of Sir Edward Rogers, who was Comptroller to Queen Elizabeth I. In the Caveat he implies that he was a justice of the peace, but there is no evidence for this. However, in 1550 he was appointed to collect tax in Kent, and in 1554 and 1555 he was a member of the important commission responsible for the Thames and its tributaries from near Southwark to Gravesend. A fellow member of the commission was responsible for the creation of the Bridewell Palace in London, and Harman was clearly acquainted with developments in law enforcement there. The Caveat is dedicated to Bess of Hardwick, although that does not mean that she was known personally to Harman. There are literary precursors to the Caveat, including John Awdeley's The Fraternity of Vagabonds (1561), of which Harman was aware. It was written in a period when the government in England was increasingly concerned with the perceived problem of "masterless men". Solutions were being sought to the issue of the able-bodied poor. In 1563, the Statute of Artificers was passed "to banish idleness". Poor Laws were under review, and a plethora of laws passed against vagrancy, in which the punishments ranged from whipping to branding. In 1559, there was a proposal from a committee (the Privy Council) to restore an act of 1547 that provided for slavery as a punishment. ==Vagabond society== Harman set out a taxonomy of rogues, which expanded one sketched out by Awdeley. The structure and processes of this mirrored those of Tudor society, with its hierarchy and sumptuary laws, and the trade guilds, with their apprenticeships and initiations ceremonies. An example is the ceremony of "stalling a rogue" which Harman describes. In this an Upright Man pours beer over the head of the initiate, with the words, "I, G.P., do stall thee, W.T., to the rogue, and that henceforth it shall be lawful for you to cant . . . for thy living in all places". Such a ceremony is reproduced in later rogue literature, and in the play The Beggars Bush by Beaumont, Fletcher and Massinger, from which it was extracted by Francis Kirkman in The Wits. Bampfylde Moore Carew includes a similar account of his own inauguration as King of the Beggars, and there was a tradition that the graves of members of the Boswell gypsy family were visited annually and beer poured onto them during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries. Although his taxonomy has been read as if these roles were fixed, Harman's examples made it clear that many of these roles were modes of begging or crime adopted by the same vagabond from time to time. They also make it clear that many of these villains also had legitimate trades, which they exercised from time to time. This is confirmed by the historical record, which shows that many of those arrested as vagrants were unemployed through no fault of their own. They included domestic servants who had been dismissed, labourers seeking work, or those whose trade required travel, such as pedlars and chapmen (peddler). Harman does seem to have had direct contact with vagabonds, while most of those who wrote later rogue literature were London based writers living in literary circles. Another area in which Harman has been misunderstood is the place of Egyptians in this vagabond culture. They have no specific place in it, and although he identifies a few individuals as being Egyptians, he describes them generally as having a distinct culture and lifestyle. This is consistent with the attitude to them generally, that they were strange, foreign, little understood and, therefore criminal or at least a danger to the social order. The attitude to the Irish seems to have been similar, though less extreme. ===Categories of rogue=== The following is summarised from Harman, with comments in brackets: ; Abram Men : or Abraham-men. Feign madness and claim to have been inmates at Bedlam, (where there was an Abraham Ward). If they are not given alms through pity they resort to becoming threatening, and playing on the fear that the mentally ill are dangerous. (They were also known as Bethlem Men, and later Poor Toms. It was believed that the Governors of Bedlam authorized some discharged patients to beg and gave them tin badges, although in 1675 the Governors denied this.) ; Autem Morts : Female rogues actually married in church, though not faithful to their husbands. Harman says they go about with children who they send to steal from houses. ; Bawdy Baskets : Female pedlars, who travel from house to house. Harman says that only one, who he names, is honest. The rest steal and buy from servants at under value, living with Upright Men, who provide them with protection. ; Counterfeit Cranks : Pretend to suffer from the "falling sickness" (epilepsy). They wear dirty clothes, and carry soap so they can use it to foam at the mouth. Some carry false testimonials from ministers in Shropshire. This is one of the modes adopted by Nicholas Blunt. ; Demanders for Glimmer : Beggars pretending to have suffered loss by fire, carrying counterfeit licenses. Harman says most of these are women, who collect money, and food, which they sell, and able to earn 6 or 7 s. a week. They worked with Upright Men, but were careful not to be seen with them. ; Dells : Female rogues who are still virgins. Harman says they are either "Wild Dells", born to doxies, or have lost their parents or been run away from service with some "sharp mistress". ; A Doxy : A female rogue whose virginity has been taken by an Upright Man. They are dependent on Upright Men and other rogues. Harman's objection is to their promiscuous lifestyle. He remarks that their breeches serve a dual purpose, as they are also used to carry food they are given. ; Dummerers : Beggars pretending dumbness, most of whom Harman says came from Wales. He recounts how, having satisfied himself that a license produced by one of these was false, he and a surgeon hung him by his wrists from a beam until he spoke. Harman took his money and distributed it to the poor, and the dummerer and his palliard were taken before a Justice, pilloried and whipped. ; Fraters : Pretending to be factors or proctors with false licenses to collect alms for hospitals. ; Hooker or Angler : They carry a long staff and go to houses seeking charity during the day to see what may be stolen. After dark they return and use an iron stick with a hook at the end to reach in through windows to steal clothes and linen, which they hide nearby before taking it to sell. ; Jarkmen or Patricos : Harman says that although Awdeley refers these to, neither exists. A Jarkman is supposed to be a forger of licenses, but Harman says that these are not made by vagabonds, as he has never come across one capable of writing well enough, but bought by them in towns, "as what can not be had for money?" (Harman is probably right. Several false licenses survive, and the historical evidence is that they were mostly produced by provincial schoolmasters, who were notoriously poorly paid. There does seem to have been a real market for these, with the price determined by the content and quality of the license and the current ferocity of law enforcement). Harman accepts that "Patricos" was the cant word for priest, but says they did not have priests or any ceremony of marriage, as few were married, preferring "natural fellowship and good liking". ; Kinchin Coves : Young male rogues. Harman allows them no prospect of reform, saying, "when he groweth unto years, he is better to hang than draw forth". ; Kinchin Morts : Young female rogues carried on their mother's back in sheets. ; Palliards : Also known as clapperdudgeons. They travel in patched cloaks, with their "wives", seeking alms, but selling what they are given. They work alone but meet in groups at night. Many are Irish and travel with false passports. The Welsh also use herbs to raise wounds on their legs. (Several recipes for this survive. Harman does not explain explicitly the underlying evil of this trick; that it transforms them from sturdy beggars to deserving beggars who cannot work.) ; Priggers of Prancers : Horse thieves, using various methods. Harman says they will take the horses at least three score miles off to sell. (The problem of horse theft was significant and laws were passed to require records of all horses sold at markets and fairs, and that two people vouch for the seller.) ; Rogues : These are "neither as stout or hardy as the upright man", but live much the same way, begging, stealing and traveling with false passports. ; Ruffler : A former soldier or serving man who has chosen a vagabond life, who rob, demand or beg as the opportunity arises. Harman says that after a year or two they become Upright Men, "unless they prevented by twisted hemp" (hanging). The word was used in a 1535 Tudor Act against vagrants. ; Swadders or Pedlars : Harman concedes, "not all be evil, but of an indifferent behaviour". His objection is that some bribe and steal, and provide outlets for stolen goods which they are given by Upright Men. ; Tinkers or Priggs : Harman does not condemn all tinkers, only those who cheat, steal and spend their money on drink. He says they travel with their "doxies", whom they change frequently. ; Upright Man : "some be serving men, artificers, and labouring men traded up in husbandry [who]. . . not minding to live by the sweat of their face," wander through the counties offering the best poor relief. They are skilled professional thieves. Upright Men had authority over other beggars, from whom they could demand money, or other favours. They carried a staff, called a filchman, as a sign of their position. (Harman's phraseology follows a tradition which goes back to, at least, the introduction to and justification for the Statute of Labourers in 1381.) ; Walking Morts : Unmarried female rogues, who live by peddling, or begging, but their goods are taken by Upright Men. Harman recounts a conversation with one in which he rebuked her "for her lewd life and beastly behaviour, declaring to her what punishment was prepared and heaped up for in the world to come." Her response was, "…how should I live? None will take me into service. But I labour in harvest-time honestly." ; Whipjacks or Freshwater Mariners : These pretend to be shipwrecked sailors, who were likely to be tolerated, and allowed to travel to their supposed homes, or given support. Harman says that most came from Ireland and the west of England, and operated in the counties east of Wiltshire. Some carried counterfeit licences from the Admiralty, which Harman says they bought in Portsmouth for 2s. (Distressed mariners were sometimes licensed to seek alms, as were the relatives of those whose relatives were kidnapped by corsairs. False licences, or, in cant,"jarks" were popular, as they were difficult to check.) ; Wild Rogues : Rogues born to rogues, ("beastly begotten in barn or bushes"), and by nature more given to "knavery". Harman says that questioning one he replied that his father and grandfather had been beggars, "and he must needs be one by good reason." ===Canting Dictionary=== Harman includes a short dictionary of cant words. His introduction to that is characteristic of his literary style and social attitude:- "Here I set before the good reader the lewd, lousy language of these loitering lusks and lazy lorels, wherewith they buy and sell the common people as they pass through the country." The value of the dictionary to the "good reader" was probably minimal. Cant has only been found in court records six times, all after Harman and Awdeley, and the extent to which it was actually used is unclear. However, it was a goldmine for later writers, who various copied it, expanded on it, or used it to add colour to pamphlets and plays. Harman's taxonomy is reproduced in William Harrison's Description of England, contained in Holinshed's Chronicles (1577, 1587), as history, and extensively copied by in rogue literature, including Thomas Dekker, in Lantern and Candlelight (1608), Richard Head The English Rogue (1665), and The Life and Adventures of Bampfylde Moore Carew' (1745). ===Rogue Tales=== Harman claimed that having for twenty years kept a house on the main road to London, and having through sickness been at his home much, he had learned how to extract information from those vagabonds who called seeking alms. His accounts show similarities to the depositions taken by Justices of the Peace examining cases, and have been assumed to have been the same kind of first hand account collected by researchers such as Henry Mayhew. However, Harman is not a disinterested observer or reporter. He regards himself as a skilled interrogator, and the information to have been extracted against the will of those providing it. Although there is no suggestion he did so frequently, he approvingly reports his own use of violence to extract a confession in one case. He justifies his expansion of Awdeley's work by saying it was insufficient to protect people. His work is aimed at assisting law enforcement, and ridding the country of rogues, so that parishes can concentrate their spending on the relief of the deserving poor. Also, although he denies it, he writes with style, being fond of alliteration, and within a tradition of vulgar writing in chapbooks and jest books, which included crude and sexual references. Such writing was at the time widely acceptable; Sir Thomas More, and Erasmus wrote jests, the latter including a fart joke, and on her deathbed in 1603 courtiers read to Queen Elizabeth from the jest book A Hundred Merry Tales, (1526). Two-thirds of the Caveat is taken up with stories, and in the second edition he says he has added more. The stories are often comic, involving tricks, and have some moral element. A prime example is the man who rescues a "mort", having extracted a promise of sexual favours for doing so. She defers the reward, in the meantime informs local "gossips", and the lecher is caught by his wife and her friends with his pants literally down and soundly beaten by them. ===Nicholas Jennings=== Harman lists by name 215 Upright Men, Rogues and Palliards in separate lists. Of these 18 have been identified with named individuals punished as vagabonds in contemporary court records by Aydelotte. He also found about a dozen more punished for other offences. Taking into account the possibility of coincidences, the likelihood or apprehension, and the use of false names, this does suggest that some of Harman's information was reliable. The most significant and detailed account given by Harman concerns a man named by him in his list of rogues as "Nicholas Blunt (alias Nicholas Jennings, a counterfeit crank) ". Harman recounts Blunt's appearance at his lodgings in Whitefriars on All Hallows Day 1566 seeking alms, naked from the waist upwards, in ragged dirty clothes, his face smeared with fresh blood feigning the "falling sickness" (probably palsy or epilepsy). Being suspicious Harman questioned him, and Blunt claimed to have been suffering from the falling sickness for eight years, and to have been discharged from Bedlam two weeks before, after being an inmate there two years. Harman checked with the keeper of the hospital who denied this, and then had Blunt followed by two boys from his printers, who saw him beg all day, renewing the blood from a bladder, and putting fresh mud on his clothes. They then followed him to Newington, south of the river, where the Constable apprehended him. On being searched he was found to have collected 13s. 3½d. (a labourer would have earned 6d. a day). He was also stripped and found to be fit and well, but escaped naked across the fields in the dark. Having then spent a period begging in the guise of a sailor whose ship and cargo had been lost at sea, and then as "Nicholas Jennings", a well-dressed hatter who had come to London for work, Blunt happened to accost Harman's printer on New Year's Day 1567. The printer recognised him and had him arrested. After denials and another escape attempt Blunt made a confession and was found to have "a pretty house" in Newington, "well furnished" and with a wife living there. Blunt's punishment combined the old penal techniques of physical punishment and public exposure, with the modern theory of rehabilitation through labour. For the latter he was imprisoned in the new Bridewell. For the former he was whipped at a cart's tail through the streets of London, and put in the pillory at Cheapside dressed in both his "ugly and handsome attire". His picture was exhibited there, and while he was whipped, and also outside his house, and kept at the Bridewell "for a monument". We know that at least the apprehension and whipping took place as there is a record of it in the Repertory of the Court of Aldermen for 13 January 1567. There are also records there of two others admitting similar crimes, in 1547 and 1517. Several illustrations of Blunt's tale appear in the Caveat. Both these and his story are repeated in later rogue literature. These illustrations and later texts often describe Blunt as an Upright Man, which Harman does not in his text. *'to filch', to beat, to strike, to rob. *'to maund', to ask or require. *'to cant', to speak. *'to prig', to ride. == See also == * Thieves' cant ==References== ==Sources== ===Biographical=== *Christopher Burlinson, 'Harman, Thomas (fl. 1547–1567)', Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, Sept 2004; online edn, Oct 2006, accessed 4 Aug 2008 ===Text=== The Caveat is available online to subscribers to EEBO, and at Google Book Search. (The latter comprises page-images of an 1814 reprint of the 1573 edition.) The text is included in: *Judges, A.V., The Elizabethan Underworld, (London, 1930 & 1965), is based on the third edition, but includes parts of the second and third. *Salgado, S., Cony-Catchers and Bawdy Baskets; an Anthology of Elizabethan Low Life, (Harmondsworth, 1972) *Kinney, A.F., Rogues, Vagabonds and Sturdy Beggars, (Amherst, 1990) contains the second edition. ===Analysis=== *Aydelotte, F, Elizabethan Rogues and Vagabonds, (Oxford 1913, reprinted London & New York 1967) contains an uncritical view, but remains a good introduction to rogue literature *Carroll, W.C., Fat King, Lean Beggar: Representations of Poverty in the Age of Shakespeare, (Ithaca, 1996) analyses Harman and other literature. *Beier, L., 'On the boundaries of the New and Old Historicism: Thomas Harman and the literature of Roguery', English Literary Renaissance, vol.33, 2003, pp. 181–200, presents an analysis of the different readings of Harman from the point of view of a historian with knowledge of the period. *Coleman, J., A History of Cant and Slang Dictionaries. Volume I 1567–1784, (Oxford, 2004) analyses Harman's list in the context of slang lexicography *Woodbridge, L., 'Jest Books, the Literature of Roguery, and the Vagrant Poor in Renaissance England', English Literary Renaissance, vol.33, 2003, pp. 201–210, puts the Caveat in the context of English vulgar literature. *Fumerton, F., 'Making Vagrancy (In)visible: The Economics of Disguise in the Early Modern Rogue Pamphlets', English Literary Renaissance, vol.33, 2003, pp. 211–227, analyses the difficulty Harman and other early modern writers had in distinguishing the rogue from the itinerant poor. ===Historical context=== * Salgado, G., The Elizabethan Underworld, (London, 1977) * Beier, A.L. Masterless Men: The Vagrancy Problem in England 1560–1640 (London, 1985) * Beier, A.L. 'Vagrants and the Social Order in Elizabethan England', Past & Present, LXIV (1974)pp. 3–29 * Mayall, D., 'Egyptians and Vagabonds: Representations of the Gypsy in Early Modern Official and Rogue Literature', Immigrants and Minorities, vol.16, No.3, November 1997,pp. 55–82 * Slack, P.A. 'Vagrants and Vagrancy in England 1598–1664', Economic History Review 2nd Series XXVII (1974) pp. 360–79 ==External links== * The Rogues and Vagabonds of Shakespeare's Youth: Awdeley's 'Fraternitye of vacabondes' and Harman's 'Caveat': Edited with an Introduction by Edward Viles and F. J. Furnivall at Project Gutenberg. Category:1566 books Category:1566 in England Category:Non-fiction books about criminals Category:Slang dictionaries
37658937	A Holocaust in Your Head	A Holocaust in Your Head is the debut album for British crust punk/grindcore band Extreme Noise Terror. The album was released in 1989 under High Speed Recordings. After its first release, the album was reissued several times with updated versions of each track. ==Track list== ==References== Category:1989 debut albums Category:Extreme Noise Terror albums
37676249	A Date with the Falcon	A Date with the Falcon ( The Gay Falcon Steps In and A Date With Murder) is the second in a series of 16 films about the suave detective nicknamed The Falcon. The 1942 sequel features many of the same characters as the first film, The Gay Falcon (1941).Jewell and Harbin 1982, p. 308. ==Plot== Scientist Waldo Sampsom (Alec Craig) has discovered how to manufacture cheap synthetic diamonds that are nearly identical to the real thing, as he demonstrates to diamond industry representatives and New York Police Inspector Mike O'Hara (James Gleason). Sampsom only wishes to provide them for the American defence effort, but O'Hara insists on providing him with a police guard. Ruthless criminals however, abduct Sampsom to gain his secret. O'Hara recruits the reluctant amateur sleuth Gay Lawrence (George Sanders), known as the "Falcon", to search for him. Meanwhile, Helen Reed (Wendy Barrie), the Falcon's fiancée, becomes increasingly frustrated as the crime solving interferes with her marriage plans. Lawrence meets exotic jewel thief Rita Mara (Mona Maris) and suspects she is involved in Sampsom's disappearance. Rita pulls a gun on Lawrence and forces him to accompany her. Meanwhile Helen finds Rita's purse and inside, the address of the hotel where she is staying. Lawrence escapes but learns from his sidekick, Jonathon "Goldie" Locke (Allen Jenkins) that Helen has gone to Rita's hotel, looking for him. Learning that Sampsom is also registered there, Lawrence breaks into his room and finds the scientist dead. The police arrive shortly after and attempt to arrest Lawrence, who asks O'Hara for a 12-hour reprieve to find the real murderer. When Lawrence asks Helen to meet him at a nightclub, he knows Helen and Goldie will be followed. At gunpoint, Rita abducts Lawrence once again and takes him to her accomplice in a warehouse where Max Carlson (Victor Kilian) is holding the real Waldo Sampsom captive. After obtaining the secret formula, Max decides to kill Sampsom and Lawrence. Rita knocks out Lawrence and then turns on her partner, killing him, but does not locate Sampsom's formula. When the police arrive at the warehouse, they find Lawrence and arrest him for murder. O'Hara takes him to police headquarters, where Helen has been arrested as Lawrence's accomplice. Rita and the remainder of the gang are brought in and when Goldie produces the secret formula which he had taken from Max, Lawrence explains that it was Herman, Waldo's twin who was killed in the hotel and that Rita killed Max for the formula. Lawrence and his fiancée finally are able to resume their romantic getaway, but once on board their aircraft, a beautiful young woman greets Lawrence, arousing Helen's jealousy once again. ==Cast== * George Sanders as Gay Lawrence, The Falcon * Wendy Barrie as Helen Reed * Allen Jenkins as Jonathan "Goldie" Locke * James Gleason as Detective Inspector O’Hara * Mona Maris as Rita Mara * Edward Gargan as Detective Bates (uncredited) * Alec Craig as Waldo Samson / Herman Sampson (uncredited) * Hans Conreid as Hotel clerk (uncredited) * Victor Kilian as Max Carlson (uncredited) * Frank Moran as "Dutch" (uncredited) * Paul Newlan as Policeman at Federal Hotel (uncredited) * Russ Clark as Needles (uncredited) * Eddie Dunn as Grimes (uncredited) * Frank Martinelli as "Louie (uncredited) * Jack Carr as Taxi driver (uncredited) * Eddie Borden as Taxi driver (uncredited) * Roxanne Barkley as Jill (uncredited) * Eddie Arden as Bellhop (uncredited) ==Production== It was called The Gay Falcon Steps In.SCREEN NEWS HERE AND IN HOLLYWOOD: New York Times 11 July 1941: 18. Filming started 1 August 1941.SCREEN NEWS HERE AND IN HOLLYWOOD: Gene Tierney to Play Role of Poppy in 'Shanghai Gesture' for United Artists THE GET-AWAY' ARRIVES Melodrama Opens Today at Rialto – Fred MacMurray to Have Lead in New Comedy By DOUGLAS W. CHURCHILLBy Telephone to THE NEW YORK TIMES.. New York Times16 July 1941: 14. In A Date with the Falcon, the Falcon is engaged to Helen Reed, but leading lady Wendy Barrie would never appear in future sequels. RKO had been trading on the British actress's notoriety as the girlfriend of gangster Bugsy Siegel, but did not have a continuing role for her in mind. A Date with the Falcon would be the first of many sequels that featured other actresses in leading roles. The series also became a breeding ground for other talented studio contractees including director Edward Dmytryk and actors Barbara Hale and Jane Greer. The Falcon series has been characterised as part of a new genre—film noir.Miller, Frank. "Articles: 'A Date with the Falcon'." Turner Classic Movies. Retrieved: September 4, 2016. ==Reception== In his review of A Date with the Falcon, Bosley Crowther wrote in The New York Times that a pattern existed in the Falcon series:"... the pattern. Mr. Sanders, an idle man of the world, is just about to be married—this time to Wendy Barrie—when a mystifying crisis arises—this time the disappearance of a scientist. Obviously Mr. Sanders doesn't care to enter the case; he never does—or never did, perhaps we should say. But duty and the lure of adventure inevitably drag him in. And so, for fifty or sixty minutes, he is off on a serio-comic chase, sleuthing a gang of murderous smugglers, while his girl and the police act bored and dense."Crowther, Bosley. "Movie review: The Screen."' A Date With the Falcon,' otherwise known as 'A Date With Murder,' at the Rialto."The New York Times, November 25, 1941. ==References== ===Notes=== ===Citations=== ===Bibliography=== * Jewell, Richard and Vernon Harbin. The RKO Story. New Rochelle, New York: Arlington House, 1982. . ==External links== * * * * Category:1942 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American detective films Category:American sequel films Category:Films directed by Irving Reis Category:RKO Pictures films Category:1940s crime thriller films Category:1940s mystery thriller films Category:American crime thriller films Category:American mystery thriller films Category:Films scored by Paul Sawtell Category:The Falcon (film character) films Category:1940s American films
37699231	A Dark Night's Work	A Dark Night's Work is an 1863 novel by Elizabeth Gaskell. It was first published serially in Charles Dickens's magazine All the Year Round. The word "dark" was added to the original title by Dickens against Gaskell's wishes. Dickens felt that the altered title would be more striking. ==Synopsis== The story centers on a country lawyer, Edward Wilkins, and his daughter Ellinor. Edward has an artistic and literary personality, unsuited to his social position as the son of a successful lawyer who takes over his father's practice in the provincial town of Hamley. His legal representation of the local gentry and nobility leads him to try fitting into their social circles, only to be mocked and treated with derision. He develops a drinking problem and spends more money than he can afford to in his attempts to be an equal to his clients. His bad habits lead to problems in his business, and Edward is forced to take on a junior partner named Mr. Dunster. At the same time, Ellinor becomes engaged to a young upcoming country gentleman named Ralph Corbet. Corbet initiates the engagement partly through love of Ellinor and partly because of a promise of money from Edward. Edward continues to drink and overspend, leading to a confrontation with Mr. Dunster. In the heat of the argument, Edward strikes Mr. Dunster, killing him. Ellinor and a family servant named Dixon help Edward to bury the body in their flower garden. Ellinor soon tells Ralph that a possible disgrace hangs over her. Ralph questions Edward about this, and Edward insults him in a drunken tirade. Ralph dissolves his engagement to Ellinor because of this, and because he regrets forming an engagement to someone who offers no opportunity of helping him advance in society. He later marries into the nobility and becomes a judge. Edward drinks himself to death and Ellinor moves to a distant town, East Chester, after the Wilkins's home Ford Bank is rented out in order to provide Ellinor with a living. Dixon remains as a servant to watch over the home and property where the body is buried. The secret goes unknown for about 15 years until the body is dug up during the construction of a railroad. Dixon is arrested for the murder and later convicted by Ralph, who acts as the judge in the case. Ellinor then tells Ralph the truth, and Dixon is pardoned. She returns to East Chester and marries a local clergyman, Canon Livingstone, who she had known in her youth, and has two children with him. ==Themes and criticism== The work focuses on the realistic analysis of character and emotion, rather than melodrama. Gaskell criticizes the class discrimination that Edward is subjected to, and which ruins him and his initially bright prospects, while also showing the negative effects of his drinking and irresponsibility. She also shows how Ralph's materialistic ambition destroys his honest love for and loyalty to Ellinor. His marriage to a noblewoman helps him with his career but leaves him seemingly unhappy. The manslaughter and resulting misery for those involved is used by Gaskell to illustrate the effects of dishonesty and bad living, and the torment of conscience. Gaskell successfully merges realistic psychological observation with action. The link between the manslaughter of Mr. Dunster and the effect on Ellinor, Edward, and Dixon, as well as on those around them, is skillfully managed. Gaskell's pace and method, though, led to disagreements with Dickens over difficulties in keeping up the usual excitement of incident needed for serial publication. ==References== ==Sources== * * ==External links== * Category:1863 British novels Category:Novels by Elizabeth Gaskell
37789341	A History (1982–1985)	A History (1982–1985) is a compilation album by The Golden Palominos, released on July 21, 1992, by Mau Mau Records. It contains the band's first two albums with the exception of "Clean Plate" from The Golden Palominos. == Track listing == == References == == External links == * Category:1992 compilation albums Category:The Golden Palominos albums Category:Albums produced by Anton Fier
37789456	A History (1986–1989)	A History (1986–1989) is a compilation album by The Golden Palominos, released on July 21, 1992, by Mau Mau Records. It contains songs from Blast of Silence (Axed My Baby for a Nickel) and A Dead Horse, excluding "Brides of Jesus" from the former and "Over" from the latter. == Track listing == == References == == External links == * Category:1992 compilation albums Category:The Golden Palominos albums Category:Albums produced by Anton Fier
37869075	A Gang Story	A Gang Story () is a 2011 French drama film directed by Olivier Marchal. == Cast == * Gérard Lanvin - Edmond "Momon" Vidal * Tchéky Karyo - Serge Suttel * Daniel Duval - Christo * Lionnel Astier - Dany * Dimitri Storoge - young "Momon" Vidal * Patrick Catalifo - Kommissar Max Brauner * François Levantal - Joan Chavez * Francis Renaud - Brandon * Valeria Cavalli - Janou Vidal * Estelle Skornik - Lilou Suttel * Étienne Chicot - The Greek * Palwinder Singh - PS == Remake == In 2020, a Hindi-language Indian remake titled Yaara was released. ==References== == External links == * Category:2011 drama films Category:2011 films Category:Films about bank robbery Category:Films directed by Olivier Marchal Category:Films set in Lyon Category:Films set in the 1970s Category:French neo-noir films Category:French gangster films Category:Films shot in Lyon Category:2010s French films
37877880	A Faithful Soldier of Pancho Villa	A Faithful Soldier of Pancho Villa () is a 1967 Mexican drama film written, directed by and starring Emilio Fernández. It was entered into the 5th Moscow International Film Festival. ==Cast== * Emilio Fernández as Aurelio Pérez * Maricruz Olivier as Amalia Espinosa * Carlos López Moctezuma as Gonzalo de los Monteros * Sonia Amelio as María Dolores * José Eduardo Pérez as Comandante Pérez * José Trinidad Villa * Jorge Pérez Hernández * Aurora Cortés * Celia Viveros * Margarita Cortés * Leonor Gómez * Margarito Luna * Salvador Godínez ==References== ==External links== * Category:1967 films Category:1967 drama films Category:Mexican drama films Category:1960s Spanish-language films Category:Films directed by Emilio Fernández Category:1960s Mexican films
37889118	A Kentucky Cinderella	A Kentucky Cinderella is a 1917 American silent drama directed by Rupert Julian and featured Rupert Julian and Ruth Clifford, and a cast including child actress Zoe Rae. It was released June 25, 1917 by Bluebird Photoplays, a subsidiary of Universal Studios.Snyopsis, The Moving Picture World (June 30, 1917), p. 2155Weitzel, Edward. Reviews of Current Productions, The Moving Picture World (July 7, 1917), p. 75 The film was based on an 1898 short story by Francis Hopkinson Smith. The short story first appeared in the Ladies' Home Journal in late 1898. The story was also included in Smith's 1899 short story collection The Other Fellow. The 1921 film Desperate Youth is also based on the same short story. ==Plot== This story takes place in the pre-civil war south. When Ed Long (played by Eddie Polo) and his brother Frank (played by Frank Lanning) try to claim-jump a California gold mine owned by "Kentuck" Windfield Gordon (played by Harry Carter) and his partner John Silverwood (played by Rupert Julian). "Kentuck" is killed defending his claim. His daughter Nannie (played by Ruth Clifford) is now an orphan. Silverwood decides to send her to an uncle, Henry Gordon (also played by Harry Carter), living in Kentucky. After arriving in Kentucky, she finds out uncle Henry has remarried and the new Mrs. Gordon (played by Elsie Jane Wilson) mistreats her when she believes Nannie is competing with her own daughter Rachel (played by Myrtle Reeves). Nannie is asked to leave the house. Aunt Chlorindy (played by Lucretia Harris), the mammy who help raise Nannie when she was a child, helps her find a new home. The new abode is owned by a rich widow Mrs. Morgan (played by Aurora Pratt). While living with Mrs. Morgan she meets Tom Boling, a rich bachelor (played by Emory Johnson). Tom stops pursuing Rachel, starts courting Nannie, they fall in love and decide to get married. During their wedding, Silverwood shows up and announces the California mine has struck the motherlode. ==Cast== : Actor Role Rupert Julian John Silverwood Ruth Clifford Nannie Emory Johnson Tom Boling Harry Carter 'Kentuck' Windfield Gordon and Uncle Henry Eddie Polo Ed Long Frank Lanning Frank Long Gretchen Lederer Miss Morgan Elsie Jane Wilson Henry's Wife Zoe Rae Zoe Aurora Pratt Mrs. Morgan Lucretia Harris Aunt Chlorindy Myrtle Reeves Rachel == Preservation status == According to the Library of Congress website, an incomplete copy of this film survives at the EYE Film Institute Netherlands. ==References== ==Bibliography== * ==External links== * * *A Kentucky Cinderella, afi.com entry *A Kentucky Cinderella, at silentera.com *A Kentucky Cinderella, original short story Category:1917 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films set in Kentucky Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Films directed by Rupert Julian Category:1917 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:Universal Pictures films Category:1910s American films Category:1910s English-language films
37916885	A Day Late and a Dollar Short (novel)	A Day Late and a Dollar Short (2002) is Terry McMillan's fifth novel. It is about a family in Las Vegas in 1994. Family charts in the end pages assist readers in keeping track of who is who in the large and dysfunctional Price family. ==Plot== Unlike McMillan's previous novels, A Day Late and a Dollar Short emphasizes the love and bonds of adult family members instead of friends. It explores relationships between parents, their children, and siblings. When the reader is introduced to the characters, they witness a damaged family become torn even further apart. Near the resolution they will see how this torn family picks up the pieces to come together. The story is told from the perspectives of six different characters (each a member of the Price family). They deal with contemporary concepts like prescription drug addiction, alcoholism, incest, homosexuality, molestation, single parenthood, and divorce. ==Characters== Paris is divorced with a son who will soon be turning 17. She is always trying to help her family even though she hasn't been able to help herself. While she focuses on helping her family, she fails to acknowledge that her own life is in shambles. Her son is an amazing athlete who may have got his white girlfriend pregnant. She is considered to be the most successful of her siblings though she battles a prescription drug addiction behind closed doors. Lewis is considered to be the screw up in the family. His constant troubles with the law confirm his family's low opinion of him. He shows up drunk and broke when he visits his mother in the hospital. He struggles to learn how to take control of his own life instead of blaming or depending on others. Lewis is also dealing with the repercussions of being sexually abused as a child and early onset arthritis. His ex-wife is married to a white man that wants to adopt his son. Charlotte feels like she doesn't belong in the Price family. She feels like she never got as much attention as her older sister so she takes out her frustrations on the younger ones. She tends not to speak to her mother or older sister because she feels that they conspire against her. Charlotte has an openly gay son and two energetic daughters with ADD. Janelle is the youngest of her siblings. She has a teenage daughter that she's struggling to raise. Janelle is also in denial and must face the realization that she has failed to protect her daughter within the confines of their own home. She has been going to college for 15 years and has still not earned her degree. Viola Price is the dominant voice in the novel. She has a strained marriage with Cecil. They have four grown kids located in various places throughout the country. Their tumultuous marriage has lasted 38 years. In the beginning of the story she describes her family, “I don't even want to think about Cecil right now, because it might just bring on another attack. He's a bad habit I've had for thirty-eight years, which would make him my husband. Between him and these kids, I'm worn out. It's a miracle I can breathe at all. I had 'em so fast they felt more like a litter, except each one turned out to be a different animal. Paris is a female lion who don't roar loud enough. Lewis is a horse who don't pull his own weight. Charlotte is definitely a bull, and Janelle would have to be a sheep - a lamb is closer to it - 'cause she always being led out to some pasture and don't know how she got there." Cecil, Viola's hardworking husband, has shut the door behind him for the last time and has taken his life in a new direction, regardless of what his wife and kids think about it. The weight of bringing the family together rests on her already heavy shoulders. At the end of the novel, Viola dies from her last attack of asthma. Her death brings the family together as they read letters she wrote to them before passing away. She teaches them that nothing is more important than family. ==Adaptations== The novel was adapted into a television movie on Lifetime, produced by Whoopi Goldberg and starring Whoopi Goldberg, Ving Rhames, Tichina Arnold, Kimberly Elise, Anika Noni Rose and Mekhi Phifer.Purcell, Carey. "Whoopi Goldberg, Anika Noni Rose, Mekhi Phifer and More to Star in Lifetime's A Day Late and a Dollar Short" Playbill.com, March 4, 2014. ==References== ==External links== * Maxine E. Thompson, "A Day Late and a Dollar Short" (review), Book Reporter, January 21, 2011 * Paige Turner, "Book Review: A Day Late and a Dollar Short", AALBC * "A Day Late and A Dollar Short" at BookBrowse * "A Day Late and A Dollar Short" at Barnes & Noble * THE ROMANCE READER reviews: A Day Late and a Dollar Short by Terry McMillan * A Day Late and a Dollar Short Summary - eNotes.com * A Day Late and a Dollar Short * `DAY LATE' DOESN'T COME UP SHORT IN RICHNESS OF ITS CHARACTERS Category:2002 American novels Category:Fiction set in 1994 Category:American novels adapted into films Category:Novels set in the Las Vegas Valley Category:American novels adapted into television shows Category:African-American novels
38102187	A Little Bit of Stitt	A Little Bit of Stitt is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Roost label.Edwards, D. & Callahan, M. Royal Roost/Roost Album Discography accessed January 3, 2013 == Track listing == All compositions by Sonny Stitt except as indicated # "When the Red, Red Robin (Comes Bob, Bob, Bobbin' Along)" (Harry M. Woods) - 2:48 # "For All We Know" (Sam M. Lewis, J. Fred Coots) - 3:06 # "I'm Confessin' (That I Love You)" (Doc Daugherty, Ellis Reynolds, Al J. Neiburg) - 3:19 # "Cocktails for Two" (Arthur Johnston, Sam Coslow) - 3:38 # "Star Eyes" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) - 3:39 # "On a Slow Boat to China" (Frank Loesser) - 3:21 # "Laura" (David Raksin, Johnny Mercer) - 3:18 # "J. B. Blues" - 3:56 # "Don't Take Your Love from Me" (Henry Nemo) - 2:55 # "After The Late, Late Show" - 3:56 == Personnel == *Sonny Stitt - alto saxophone, tenor saxophone (tracks 3,6,8) *Jimmy Jones - piano *Aaron Bell - bass *Charlie Persip - drums == References == Category:1959 albums Category:Sonny Stitt albums Category:Roost Records albums Category:Albums produced by Teddy Reig
3820510	A Concept from Fire	A Concept from Fire is the only studio album by A Dozen Furies. It was released on . ==Track listing== ==References== Category:2005 albums Category:A Dozen Furies albums Category:Sanctuary Records albums
38212997	A Goon's Deed in a Weary World	"A Goon's Deed in a Weary World" is the eleventh episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, the 136th overall episode, and the penultimate episode of the series (although the series finale, which aired the following week, is technically composed of two episodes, "Hogcock!" and "Last Lunch"). It was directed by Jeff Richmond and written by Lang Fisher and Nina Pedrad. The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 24, 2013. The episode received a positive critical response and was watched by 3.81 million viewers. ==Plot== Liz Lemon (Tina Fey) and Criss receive a message from Bev at the adoption agency, informing them that their children will arrive at the airport in a few days. Liz has other things on her mind however, as she prepares for a meeting with the Kabletown board to try to convince them to save TGS. In desperation, she orders her writing team to roll out their best work, Tracy Jordan (Tracy Morgan) and Jenna Maroney (Jane Krakowski) to conduct publicity, and Pete to slash the budget. Ultimately, they decide that they need a sponsor who is willing to be associated with the show, despite the controversy from Hazel's lawsuit. With no takers, Liz resorts to visiting an organization called Bro Body Douche. The organization agrees to sponsor the show, but only if it is retitled Man Cave and Liz adopts the nom de plume Todd Debeikis to hide the fact that she is a woman. Liz accepts and returns to work. She receives a phone call from Criss, who is annoyed that she is neglecting to join him in buying toys for their children. However, she is distracted once again when she discovers that the writers have done nothing, and that Tracy and Jenna have used their press time to instead promote Heads of State, a movie they are going to make together about interracial conjoined twins of different genders serving as United States co- Presidents. Meanwhile, new Kabletown CEO Jack Donaghy (Alec Baldwin) prepares to pick his replacement as president of NBC. He devises an unconventional plan, adapted from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. He promotes Kenneth Parcell (Jack McBrayer) back into his old page role and orders him to give a tour of the building to the final five candidates for the job. He reveals to Kenneth that the candidates think the tour is just a formality before the final interview. Nevertheless, it is in fact the final interview, since the best time to judge a person is when they don't know they're being judged. Fittingly, the candidates themselves are all references to characters in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (e.g. Mike Webb, who is looking at his smartphone in reference to Mike Teavee, a boy who does nothing but watch television; Veruca Saline; a morbidly obese Augustus [Gloop], and a gum- chewing woman dressed like Violet Beauregarde). Kenneth immediately bonds with one candidate, Charlie MacGuffin, after the pair simultaneously refer to a joke that had appeared on the Today Show earlier that day. As the tour progresses, MacGuffin's passion for and knowledge about the history of the network convinces Kenneth that he is the man for the job. Jack, however, becomes annoyed with Kenneth for interfering and dismisses him from the tour. Finally, as the board meeting approaches, Liz receives another phone call from Criss, who tells her that Bev made a mistake. Their children are actually arriving at the airport later that afternoon. Liz once again prioritizes TGS, but is overheard by Tracy, Jenna and the crew. Finally, after seven years, everybody decides to step up and help Liz in the only way they can. They inform the board that they are all quitting and tell Liz to go and meet her children. As a final test for MacGuffin, Kenneth masquerades as a CBS executive, C.B. Essington, and (in reference to Arthur Slugworth), attempts to bribe him with money if he will go to Jack's office and steal an in- development script. MacGuffin refuses, convincing Kenneth once and for all that he is the right man to take over NBC. However, it transpires that MacGuffin's true reason for being so knowledgeable about NBC is that he is going to strip it for parts and turn the building into a Forever 21, since both he and Jack believe broadcast television's days are numbered. Kenneth argues that a network president needs to care about television and not just the bottom line. He says that MacGuffin is not right for the role and neither was Jack. Later, Kenneth comes to Jack's office to resign from his role as page, but Jack surprises him by admitting that he was right: television is an unconventional medium, nearly every program he developed himself has failed, and the best skill for leading the network is, seemingly, loving television. For this reason, he has decided that the best candidate to be the new president is, in fact, Kenneth. At the airport, Liz and Criss meet their adopted children, Terry and Janet—a pair of interracial twins whose personalities and physical appearances closely resemble those of Tracy and Jenna. Liz muses happily that this "seems about right" and she embraces the pair. ==Reception== "A Goon's Deed in a Weary World" was watched by 3.81 million viewers and earned a 1.4 rating/4 share in the 18–49 demographic. This means that it was seen by 1.4 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds and 4 percent of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast. This was an increase from the previous episode "Florida" (3.44 million), and a season high in total viewers. Critical response for "A Goon's Deed in a Weary World" has been positive. Pilot Viruet of The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A" and described it as “... an absolutely fantastic episode of television. It was an episode that was full of nonstop jokes, one that featured some genuinely emotional moments that caught me off guard, and one that was so much fun to watch that I immediately watched it a second time as soon as it was over." IGN's Roth Cornet also gave the episode a positive review, saying "There are likely things that I could nitpick about the episode here and there. I’d rather not, though. Overall, this would have made for a fine conclusion to the 30 Rock journey, and at the end of the day, I am simply savoring the last moments of a series that has proved to be unfailingly smart, uniquely funny and deservedly [...] sweet." Alan Sepinwall, writing for HitFix, wrote the episode a glowing review, noting that the episode "... would have functioned quite well as a series finale" and that "it's not that it was the funniest episode of this victory lap season [...], but that it brought very satisfying closure to the stories of Liz Lemon and Jack Donaghy. As great as the 30 Rock supporting cast and recurring players have been, this has always been a show about the two of them, and here they got what amounted to the perfect happy endings for their characters." However, Amy Amatangelo of Paste magazine described the episode as "just OK" and gave it a moderately positive rank of 7.9 out of 10, noting her high expectations for the final season and describing the series quality as still "on top of its game." Alec Baldwin submitted this episode for consideration due to his nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series at the 65th Primetime Emmy Awards. ==References== ==External links== * Category:30 Rock (season 7) episodes Category:2013 American television episodes Category:Willy Wonka
38294693	A Change Is Gonna Come (Jack McDuff album)	A Change Is Gonna Come is a 1966 album by organist Brother Jack McDuff which was his first released on the Atlantic label.Jack McDuff discography accessed January 22, 2013 ==Reception== Bruce Eder in his review for Allmusic states, "The tempo and texture shifts throughout keep this record continually interesting to the listener, and the range of influences, from jazz to gospel with side trips into the blues (culminating with a seven-minute epic in the latter genre), gives a lot of great playing for everybody".Eder, B. Allmusic Review, January 22, 2013 == Track listing == All compositions by Jack McDuff except as indicated # "Down in the Valley" (Traditional; arranged by Jack McDuff) - 2:18 # "A Change Is Gonna Come" (Sam Cooke) - 3:05 # "Hot Cha" (Willie Woods) - 4:18 # "What'd I Say" (Ray Charles) - 2:33 # "No Tears" (Red Holloway) - 3:32 # "Gonna Hang Me Up a Sign" - 2:35 # "Minha Saudade" (João Donato, João Gilberto) - 5:51 # "Same Old Same Old" (Roger Kellaway) - 4:42 # "Can't Find the Keyhole Blues" - 7:17 *Recorded in New York City on May 4 (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) and May 5 (tracks 3, 5 & 7-9), 1966. == Personnel == *Jack McDuff - organ *Johnny Grimes, Harold Johnson - trumpet (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) *Richard Harris - trombone (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) *Danny Turner - alto saxophone (tracks 3, 5 & 7-9) *Arthur Clarke (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6), George Coleman (tracks 3, 5 & 7-9) - tenor saxophone *Buddy Lucas - baritone saxophone (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) *James Oliver - guitar (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) *Cornell Dupree - guitar, congas (tracks 3, 5 & 7-9) *Jimmy Tyrell - bass *Joe Dukes (tracks 3, 5 & 7-9), Bernard Purdie - drums *Warren Smith - percussion (tracks 1, 2, 4 & 6) ==Other Credits== * Arranged by Jack McDuff (tracks 1, 2, 4 and 6) and J.J. Jackson (tracks 3, 5, 7, 8 and 9)Particulars of A Change Is Gonna Come; Discogs. Retrieved 2017-08-10. == References == Category:Jack McDuff albums Category:1966 albums Category:Atlantic Records albums
38370970	A (Jimmy Raney album)	A is an album by guitarist Jimmy Raney recorded at three separate sessions between 1954 and 1955 and released on the Prestige label.Prestige Records discography accessed January 30, 2013 ==Reception== Ken Dryden of Allmusic reviewed the album, stating "This CD contains some of Jimmy Raney's finest work as a leader and is highly recommended".Dryden, K. Allmusic Review, January 30, 2013 == Track listing == All compositions by Jimmy Raney, except where noted. # "Minor" – 4:31 # "Some Other Spring" (Arthur Herzog, Jr., Irene Kitchings) – 5:01 # "Double Image" – 4:28 # "On the Square" – 4:27 # "Spring Is Here" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) – 2:53 # "One More for the Mode" – 3:49 # "What's New?" (Johnny Burke, Bob Haggart) – 2:42 # "Tomorrow Fairly Cloudy" – 3:28 # "A Foggy Day" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) – 4:07 # "Someone to Watch over Me" (Gershwin, Gershwin) – 3:12 # "Cross Your Heart" (Buddy DeSylva, Lewis Gensler Jimmy Raney) – 3:53 # "You Don't Know What Love Is" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) – 3:39 Note *Tracks 5-12 were initially released on a Prestige 10" LP titled Jimmy Raney 1955 (PRLP199.) == Personnel == *Jimmy Raney – guitar *John Wilson – trumpet (tracks 5-12) *Hall Overton – piano *Teddy Kotick – bass *Art Mardigan (tracks 1-4), Nick Stabulas (tracks 5-12) – drums ===Production=== *Bob Weinstock – supervisor *Rudy Van Gelder – engineer == References == Category:Jimmy Raney albums Category:1957 albums Category:Prestige Records albums Category:Albums produced by Bob Weinstock Category:Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio Category:Albums recorded in a home studio
38613024	A Life Too Short	A Life Too Short: The Tragedy of Robert Enke is a 2010 biography by Ronald Reng about the Hannover 96 captain and Germany Goalkeeper Robert Enke, who died by suicide after six years of depression on 10 November 2009. ==Synopsis== The book details the life of Robert Enke, particularly focusing on Enke's struggle with depression. Reng also focuses on his friendship with Enke, with whom he was supposed to co-write a biography. ==Reception== Critical reception for A Life Too Short has been positive, with the book receiving the 2011 William Hill Sports Book of the Year Award. The Guardian praised A Life too Short as "eloquent and sensitive", and William Hill co- founder Graham Sharpe stated it was "an outstanding piece of sportswriting". ==References== Category:2010 non-fiction books Category:German biographies Category:Association football books Category:William Hill Sports Book of the Year winning works Category:Random House books
38752487	A Glimmer of Hope	A Glimmer of Hope is the second studio album by Norwegian roots rock group El Cuero, released in October 2008. == Recording and release== Following a ten- month tour in support of their first album, El Cuero returned to the studio in Winter 2008. Recording of the album took place in February at Parachute Studious in Oslo, Norway, and the album was mixed in the following months, by veteran record producer and musician Lars Håvard Haugen, best known for his involvement with Hellbillies. Mixing finished in the summer of 2008, and the album was released on 8 October 2008 to rave reviews and near universal acclaim from the Norwegian music press. == Track listing == All music and lyrics by Brynjar Takle Ohr. # The Road Goes On - 6:14 # A Glimmer of Hope - 3:52 # Dreary Sundays - 4:54 # When The Lights Go Out - 6:08 # To Build A Home - 4:49 # This Town - 3:33 # Are You Listening? - 3:55 # These Times - 3:41 # Lights Up The River - 10:22 == Personnel == === El Cuero === * Brynjar Takle Ohr - lead vocals, guitars, piano on "When The Lights Go Out" * Tommy Reite - bass guitar * Håvard Takle Ohr - drums, backing vocals * Øyvind Blomstrøm - lead guitars, pedal steel, piano and backing vocals === Additional musicians === * Ingrid Olava - vocals on "To Build A Home" * Lars Christian Narum - hammond organ * Andre Orvik, Vegard Johnsen, Dorthe Dreier, Anne Britt Sævig Årdal - strings Mxed by Mike Hartung, engineered by Roar Nilsen. == References == * Album liner notes and booklet from original 2008 CD. Category:2008 albums Category:El Cuero albums
3878521	A Little Ain't Enough	A Little Ain't Enough is the third full-length studio album by David Lee Roth, released on January 15, 1991, through Warner Music Group. It was certified gold on April 11, 1991. Produced by Bob Rock, the album featured the lead guitar work of Jason Becker, a then up-and-coming guitarist who was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, aka Lou Gehrig's disease) a week after joining the band. He managed to finish recording the album, but was unable to tour in support of the album, as his condition left him with little strength in his hands. The album marked the beginning of Roth's commercial decline, given the drop-off in sales from his prior two albums. During the year of the album's release, the Seattle grunge movement was beginning a sea- change in rock, and Roth's brand of glam metal was considered, by mainstream audiences, obsolete. Although the album went out of print on the Warner Bros. label in 1996, it was later reissued (in remastered form) in 2007 through the Friday Music label. == Release == A music video for the title track, "A Lil' Ain't Enough" received significant play on MTV. The song "Hammerhead Shark" is a cover and partial re-write of the song by the same title from the 1990 album "Walking on a Wire" by Lowen & Navarro. == Tour == The tour supporting the record was successful in Europe but the American leg, supported by Extreme and Cinderella, turned into a financial failure, with low attendance and one-third of the shows cancelled due to poor ticket sales. Setlists were shortened and songs from the current album dropped as the US tour went on. The touring band featured Ozzy Osbourne and Lizzy Borden guitarist Joe Holmes, bassist Todd Jensen from Hardline, longtime collaborators Gregg Bissonette and Brett Tuggle, and for the first few shows Desi Rexx from D'Molls as second guitarist. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== * David Lee Roth – vocals, harmonica, concept * Jason Becker – lead guitar * Steve Hunter – slide guitar, rhythm guitar * Paul Baron – brass * Gregg Bissonette – drums, percussion * Matt Bissonette – bass, vocals * Derry Byrne – brass * Brian Dobbs – engineer * Tom Keenlyside – brass * Marc LaFrance – backing vocals * George Marino – mastering * Jim McGillveray – percussion * Ian Putz – brass * Bob Rock – producer, mixing * Randy Staub – engineer * David Steele – backing vocals * Chris Taylor – engineer * Brett Tuggle – keyboards, vocals * John Webster – keyboards * Pete Angelus – concept * Jim Pezzullo – art direction, design ==Charts== Chart (1991) Peak position Finnish Albums (Suomen virallinen lista) 1 Japanese Albums (Oricon) 17 ==Certifications== ==References== Category:David Lee Roth albums Category:1991 albums Category:Warner Records albums Category:Albums produced by Bob Rock Category:Glam metal albums
38848086	A Legal Bibliography of the British Commonwealth of Nations	A Legal Bibliography of the British Commonwealth of Nations, formerly Sweet & Maxwell's Legal Bibliography, is a bibliography of law published in London by Sweet & Maxwell. ==First Edition== The First Edition is called Sweet and Maxwell's Legal Bibliography. The first four volumes of that edition are also called Sweet and Maxwell's Complete Law Book Catalogue.Galdames, Alberto. p. 65 Charles Szladits called this book "exhaustive" and "indispensable".Szladits, Charles. A Bibliography on Foreign and Comparative Law: Books and Articles in English. Parker School Studies in Foreign and Comparative Law. Parker School of Foreign and Comparative Law. Columbia University in the City of New York. Distributed by Oceana Publications. New York. 1955. Library of Congress Catalog Card No 55-11076. Page 13. Volume 1 was compiled by W Harold Maxwell and published in 1925. Its subtitle is "English Law to 1650". It is "of much utility".H D H. "Book Reviews" (1926) 2 Cambridge Law Journal 433 at 435. JSTOR. Volumes 2 to 5 were compiled by Leslie F Maxwell. Volume 2 was published in 1931. Its title is "Bibliography of English Law, 1651 – 1800". Volume 3 was published in 1933. Its title is "Bibliography of English Law, 1801 – June 1932". Volume 4 was published in 1936. Its title is "Bibliography of Irish Law from Earliest Times to December 1935". Volume 5 was published in 1937. Its title is "Bibliography of Scottish Law from Earliest Times to November 1936, together with a list of Roman Law Books in the English Language". Volume 6 was published in 1938. Its title is "A Bibliography of the Laws of Australia, New Zealand, Fiji and the Western Pacific from Earliest Times to June 1938 with lists of Reports of Cases, Digests and Collections of Statutes and Rules". Two cumulative supplements were published from 1936 to 1939. These deal with the period down to December 1938.Galdames, Alberto Villalón. Bibliografía jurídica de América Latina, 1810–1965. Editorial Jurídica de Chile. 1969. Volume 1. Page 65. Digitized copy from Google Books. Another two cumulative supplements were published up to 1949.Szladits, p. 13 Volume 7 was compiled by Leslie F Maxwell and published in 1949. Its title is "A Bibliography of the law of British Colonies, Protectorates and Mandated Territories, being volume vii of Sweet & Maxwell's Legal Bibliography". ==Second Edition== The Second Edition is called A Legal Bibliography of the British Commonwealth of Nations. This is one of the "more traditional bibliographic works".Pagel, Scott B (editor). The Legal Bibliography:Tradition, Transitions and Trends. Routledge. 1989. Page 93. Digitized copy from Google Books In this work, books are grouped by their subject and, within each subject, they are placed in alphabetical order according to the name of their author.Julius Jay Marke, Richard Sloane & Linda M Ryan. Legal Research and Law Library Management. Law Journal Press. 1994. Page 3-33. Digitized copy from Google Books. Hines said this work is arguably the most complete list of legal publications, but contains "little" in the way of annotations and gives "scanty" bibliographic details for each book.Hines, William Donald (editor). English Legal History: A Bibliography and Guide to the Literature. Volume 1011 of the Garland Reference Library of the Humanities. Garland Publishing Inc. New York and London. 1990. p. 118. Volume 1 was compiled by W Harold Maxwell and Leslie F Maxwell and published in 1955. It deals with the law of England and Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man during the period down to the year 1800. It includes books published during that period. It also includes books dealing with period printed from 1480 to 1954."Volume 1: English Law to 1800, including Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man". Pages iii to v. It is not complete.Cockburn JS. Crime in England. Taylor & Francis. 1977. Page 272. Digitized copy from Google Books. Volume 2 was compiled by John S James and Leslie F Maxwell and published in 1957. It deals with the law of England and Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man during the period from 1801 to 1954. Where separate editions of the same book were published respectively both before and after the end of the year 1800, or where a book deals with both periods, it is included in both volumes 1 and 2."Volume 2: English Law from 1801 to 1954, including Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man". Pages iii to v. Volume 3 was compiled by C R Brown, Percy A Maxwell and Leslie F Maxwell and was published in 1957. It deals with the law of Canada and the North American colonies and includes books published before 31 December 1956."Volume 3: Canadian and British-American Colonial Law". Pages iii to v. Volumes 4 and 5 were compiled by W Harold Maxwell and Leslie F Maxwell and were published in 1957. Volume 4 deals with the law of Ireland. Volume 5 deals with the law of Scotland and includes a list of books on Roman law written in English."Volume 4: Irish Law to 1956". Pages iii to v."Volume 5: Scottish Law to 1956: Together with a list of Roman Law Books in the English Language". Pages iii to v. Volume 6 was published in 1958 and deals with the law of Australia, New Zealand and their dependencies. Part 5, which relates to New Zealand, the Cook Islands and Western Samoa was compiled by J O Wilson."Volume 6: Australia, New Zealand and their Dependencies: From the earliest times to June 1958: With lists of Reports of Cases, Digests, and Collections of Statutes and Rules". Pages iii to v and 95. ==References== * Category:Legal bibliographies Category:1925 non-fiction books Category:Commonwealth of Nations
39119919	A Journal of Insomnia	A Journal of Insomnia (French: Journal d'une insomnie collective) is a 2013 web documentary about insomnia, produced by Hugues Sweeney and created by Bruno Choiniere, Philippe Lambert, Thibaut Duverneix and Guillaume Braun for the National Film Board of Canada (NFB). The production had its premiere on April 18, 2013, as part of the Tribeca Film Festival's first Storyscapes section for transmedia. ==Registration== Site users must register online for an appointment, after which they receive a phone call informing them that they've been emailed a link to enter site. Once inside A Journal of Insomnia, users can follow the stories of one of four protagonists who share their own experiences with sleeplessness as well as access close to 2000 contributions from other insomniacs that have been collected since the fall of 2012. It was nominated for the Sheffield Innovation Award at the 2013 Sheffield Doc/Fest. ==Production== The idea for the site was conceived by Sweeney, who is head of the NFB's French-language Digital Studio, when he became a father for the first time in the summer of 2009. Sweeney was often up at night with his wife due to his infant daughter's irregular sleep patterns and found himself wondering about all the other people who also might be up at this hour, and the impact of sleeplessness on their lives. As one of NFB French Program's main areas of interest is works related to mental health, Sweeney began to imagine what a webdoc on insomnia might be like. The NFB worked with Montreal- based web design firm Akufen to create A Journal of Insomnia. ==Installation== A Journal of Insomnia was adapted as an installation for the Tribeca Film Festival's first-ever Storyscapes competition. The installation consisted of "a black confessional cube" which rests on an incline in a darkened chamber. Visitors enter through a tilted doorway, then sit before a screen from which a disembodied female voice asks questions such as: "During the day, are you anxious about the coming night?" and "What is preventing you from sleeping?". ==References== ==External links== * *The Benefits Of Heating Pads For Better Sleeping *Pillows For Sleeping - Cervical Pillow For Neck Pain Category:Quebec websites Category:Sleep disorders Category:Documentaries about psychology Category:Documentary films about mental health Category:National Film Board of Canada web documentaries
39125084	A Better Tomorrow (album)	A Better Tomorrow is the sixth studio album by American hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan. The album was released on December 2, 2014, by Warner Bros. Records. The album was supported by the singles "Keep Watch", "Ron O'Neal" and "Ruckus in B Minor". A Better Tomorrow received generally mixed reviews from music critics. The album debuted at number 29 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 24,386 copies in its first week of release. ==Background== On June 29, 2011, Raekwon announced that the group were working on a new studio album, still in its early stages, saying: "As far as Wu-Tang goes, it's something that we really got to get together first for." In July 2011, Ghostface Killah said that the album should be released in May 2012. In April 2012, GZA hinted that a new album was unlikely, saying: "I'm grateful for everything we have done throughout our careers and if there's nothing else to put out, then there's nothing to put out." In October 2012, RZA said a new Wu-Tang Clan album might happen after all, on the occasion of the group's 20th anniversary. In November 2012, Raekwon doubted a new album would happen, saying: "I want to see it happen, but more importantly, I want to see it done the right way." On January 9, 2013, work on the sixth Wu-Tang Clan album was announced via the group's official Facebook page. In March 2013, Method Man announced that the Clan was working on a sixth studio album and it would be released during 2013 in celebration of their 20-year anniversary since 36 Chambers. ==Development== In March 2013, Cappadonna said the album was in the recording process, taking place in New York, Los Angeles and the Wu mansion in New Jersey. In April 2013, RZA said he had talked to Adrian Younge about working on a song for the album. On April 11, 2013, it was announced via a press release that their upcoming sixth studio album would be titled, A Better Tomorrow and was set to be released in July, 2013.Wu-Tang Clan Announce Reunion Album Title. In April 2013, the Clan reunited to perform at the 2013 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival. On May 17, 2013, an unreleased Wu-Tang song titled "Execution in Autumn" was released for purchase through RZA's record label Soul Temple Records. In June 2013, they performed at the 2013 HOT 97 Summer Jam at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey, twenty years after they performed at the first annual Summer Jam concert. In June 2013, RZA spoke about the song "Family Reunion", saying "It's looking real promising" and that multiple members have contributed to the lyrics. He also stated he was hoping to release the album in November 2013, in honor of the 29th anniversary of [Enter The Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)]. In July 2013, Inspectah Deck stated that unreleased verses from Ol' Dirty Bastard would be featured on the album. In July 2013 Cappadonna indicated the album was half way finished. In November 2013, RZA gave an update on the album, saying that significant progress was made on recording while in Europe, but was waiting on Raekwon, Ghostface, and GZA to contribute to the album. In November 2013, Method Man stated that Raekwon had not worked on the album at all, and Ghostface had only recorded two songs for the album so far. In late November 2013, RZA suggested that the album was approximately six weeks from completion. In January 2014, the group posted a message on their Facebook page, saying: "The new Wu album A Better Tomorrow coming soon." In March 2014, Raekwon said he didn't want RZA in charge of the album, saying: "His plan was to do a more humble album. We was like, Nah. You can’t do that with the hardest group in the game." In April 2014, RZA spoke about Raekwon's hesitation to record on the album, saying: "But I would say that maybe creatively we on different paths. I’m creatively different than I was in the ‘90s." In an April 2014, interview with Rolling Stone Raekwon responded saying: "I’m used to being a winner. Being that I feel the team is being compromised by his so-called "logic" of making music, I have a problem with that because I love my fans." He elaborated on the album, saying: "I’m not happy with the direction of the music and I’m not happy with how dudes is treating dudes’ business." RZA responded, saying: "When you form Voltron, you need every piece. We need him there. I want him there. I asked him over and over to be there." In May 2014, after several disputes between Raekwon and RZA about the direction of the group and album, they reconciled, with the former agreeing to record verses for A Better Tomorrow. On October 3, 2014, it was announced that the album would be released on December 2, 2014, courtesy of a new deal with Warner Bros. Records. In October 2014, Raekwon spoke about recording the album without Ol' Dirty Bastard, saying: "Its real deep bro, because we miss that energy." ==Singles== On June 5, 2013, the album's first promotional single "Family Reunion" featuring Masta Killa, Method Man, Ghostface Killah and RZA was released via the Soul Temple Records website. On March 19, 2014, the album's first single "Keep Watch" featuring Nathaniel The Great, GZA, Method Man, Cappadonna, and Inspectah Deck was released. On August 6, 2014, the whole group appeared on The Daily Show to premiere the album's second single "Ron O'Neal". On November 4, 2014, the album's third single "Ruckus In B Minor" was released. ==Critical reception== A Better Tomorrow received generally mixed reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from critics, the album received an average score of 60, based on 24 reviews. ==Commercial performance== The album debuted at number 29 on the Billboard 200 chart, with first week sales of 24,386 copies in the United States. ==Track listing== Credits adapted from the album's liner notes. Notes * signifies a co-producer Sample credits * "Hold the Heater" contains a sample of "Come to Me", written by Robert Allen and Peter Lind Hayes, as performed by Johnny Mathis. * "Keep Watch" contains an interpolation of "You Roam When You Don't Get It At Home", written by David Porter, Bettye Jean Crutcher, and Ronnie Williams. * "Preacher's Daughter" contains an interpolation of "Son of a Preacher Man", written by John David Hurley and Ronnie Stephen Wilkins. * "A Better Tomorrow" contains a sample of "Wake Up Everybody", written by Victor Carstarphen, Gene McFadden, and John Whitehead, as performed by Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes. * "Never Let Go" contains an excerpt of the speech "I Have a Dream", written and performed by Martin Luther King Jr. * "Wu-Tang Reunion" contains a sample of "Family Reunion", written by Kenneth Gamble and Leon Huff, as performed by The O'Jays. ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2014) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2015) Position US Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums (Billboard) 78 ==Release history== Region Date Format Label Edition(s) Germany November 28, 2014 CD, digital download Warner Bros. Records Standard, deluxe France December 1, 2014 United Kingdom United States December 2, 2014 ==References== Category:2014 albums Category:Wu-Tang Clan albums Category:Warner Records albums Category:Albums produced by RZA Category:Albums produced by Mathematics Category:Albums produced by 4th Disciple Category:Albums produced by Rick Rubin
39167175	A Castle in Italy	A Castle in Italy () is a 2013 French drama film directed by Valeria Bruni Tedeschi. It was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival. ==Plot== An upper-middle-class family is selling their family home. Meanwhile, Louise meets Nathan while taking care of her brother Ludovic, who is ill. ==Cast== * Louis Garrel as Nathan * Valeria Bruni Tedeschi as Louise * Xavier Beauvois as Serge * Céline Sallette as Jeanne * Filippo Timi as Ludovic * André Wilms as André * Marie Rivière as Nathan's mother * Pippo Delbono as The priest * Silvio Orlando as The Italian mayor ==References== ==External links== * Category:2013 films Category:2013 drama films Category:French drama films Category:2010s French-language films Category:Films directed by Valeria Bruni Tedeschi Category:2010s French films Category:Ad Vitam (company) films
39302823	A Haunted House 2	A Haunted House 2 is a 2014 American satirical horror comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans. The film is the sequel to the 2013 film A Haunted House and the final installment in the duology. Produced by IM Global Octane and distributed by Open Road Films, the film was released on March 28, 2014. Like its predecessor, the film received negative reviews from critics, and earned over $25 million at the box office. ==Plot== Malcolm Johnson and his cousin Ray-Ray are driving Malcolm's possessed girlfriend Kisha to the hospital after he beat her senseless for trying to attack him. Kisha starts making a fuss and fights Malcolm, then breathes into Ray's face. He passes out at the wheel and collides with a truck. Somehow, everybody is okay, but Malcolm and Ray leave an unconscious Kisha in the backseat and run away. A year later, Malcolm moves in with his girlfriend Megan, an insecure woman with two kids, her bratty and promiscuous teenage daughter Becky and effeminate son Wyatt, who has a stereotypically black imaginary friend named Tony. The family moves into a new home with their dog, Shiloh Jr. After the movers hang a safe next to the lawn, an invisible force unties the rope tied to a support beam, causing the safe to fall on the dog and crush him. Malcolm dramatically cries all the way to when they bury the dog. Megan then puts a creepy looking doll named Abigail on a chair by their bed. Malcolm messes around with it until he starts having sex with it. Malcolm carries his camera around to record everything he sees. He meets the neighbor, Miguel, who jumps at every chance he gets to call Malcolm racist whenever he comments on something related to a Mexican stereotype, though all of it is in jest. Weird things start happening again. Malcolm records himself having sex with Megan and notices the Abigail doll turning its head. He also finds old videotapes with a demonic being in it trying to kill a family of three, but it fails every time. Additionally, Becky finds an old box and develops an attachment to it, and Wyatt continues to hang out with his imaginary friend. Malcolm seeks help from a paranormal psychologist named Professor Wilde. He deduces that Malcolm must have had a previous encounter with a demonic force. Malcolm thinks it has to do with Kisha. Wilde then proceeds to cook meth with some prostitutes, but then gets arrested by the police. Malcolm finds himself being terrorized and taunted by Abigail, as he is getting sent crude photos from her to his phone. She also ends up burning his clothes. Later, Malcolm sees a box moving in the dark and begins to attack it in every possible way he can. Megan and the kids run downstairs and tell Malcolm that what was in the box was supposed to be a surprise for him to make up for Shiloh Jr. Malcolm reaches into the box and pulls out a horribly mangled dog. He then takes a shotgun and blows its head off to put it out of its misery. Among other weird scenarios that plague the family is Becky opening her box and having a whole swarm of moths fly out. Malcolm fixes this by installing bug zappers to attract the moths to their doom. He also notices the demon, which Professor Wilde says is named Aghoul, taunting him in the videos. Although he tries to explain the weirdness to Megan and the kids, they don't believe him. To make matters worse, Malcolm comes home the next day to discover Kisha talking to Megan, looking very much not possessed. She has told Megan that Malcolm left her in a ditch to die, and she leaves after flashing him some scary black demon eyes. Later, Malcolm sees Abigail wrote "Miss me?" in red crayon all over the walls. He tries getting rid of her by burying her, sending her to Taiwan, chopping her up and barbecuing her, but she comes back each time. Malcolm resorts to seeking help from the insane Father Doug Williams. He finds the crazy priest in a church, shanking another priest for absurd reasons. When Malcolm asks for his help, Doug only makes weird comments about the Kardashians coming after him and other men. Malcolm leaves when he thinks he sees demons surrounding a church, but they're really just church women who make comments about Malcolm being with a white woman. Miguel comes over and offers a chicken to be used as a blood sacrifice, but the chicken becomes hysterical and fights back. Malcolm ends up wrestling the chicken all across the kitchen, ending with him throwing the chicken up into the ceiling fan where it is decapitated. He and Miguel fry the remains and eat it with waffles. As a last resort, Malcolm goes to find Ned and Noreen Swanson, a sort of racist and sexually frustrated paranormal investigative husband and wife duo. He brings them to his house, where they determine that the demonic presence has attracted the family to it, explaining Becky's need for the box, Wyatt's imaginary friend, and Malcolm's sexual attraction to Abigail. They take hits from a bong mask and go downstairs to find Becky fully possessed. She flails around and gets thrown everywhere. Malcolm calls upon Doug to come by, but he has a mental breakdown along with the ghost possessing him and ends up shooting himself in the head. Becky runs upstairs and Malcolm chases after her. After some reluctance, he gets the demon to transfer itself to himself by having Becky regurgitate red goo. Everybody runs upstairs to find Malcolm possessed. He too pukes up the goo back into Becky's box. The Swansons take the possessed items, including Abigail so Ned can have sex with her. Everything seems okay until the next night when Malcolm and Megan are watching TV and Kisha shows up behind them. She twists Megan's neck around, killing her and sending Malcolm running away. Ray and his boys come to Malcolm's house to find Megan dead, along with Becky upstairs, impaled in her bed, and Wyatt is missing. They find Malcolm lying on the floor in the basement, still alive as he chose to hide rather than try to leave. After a bit of panicked rambling, Kisha comes downstairs, leaving all the men to scream in fear. ==Cast== ==Production== On April 8, 2013, it was confirmed that Wayans, Open Road Films, and IM Global Octane would produce a sequel due to the financial success of the first film. On May 3, 2013, it was confirmed that A Haunted House 2 would be released on March 28, 2014. On August 24, 2013, it was announced that Jaime Pressly, Ashley Rickards and Gabriel Iglesias had joined the cast of the film. Principal photography and production began on August 26, 2013, and ended on September 29, 2013. On January 18, 2014, the film was pushed back to April 18, 2014 and back to its March 28 date."A Haunted House 2 Pushed Back Three Weeks". ComingSoon.net. January 18, 2014. ==Release== ===Box office=== A Haunted House 2 grossed $17.3 million in North America, and $8 million in other countries, for a worldwide total of $25.3 million, against a budget of $4 million. In North America, the film opened at number five in its first weekend with $8,843,875, behind Transcendence, Heaven Is for Real, Rio 2, and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. In its second weekend, the film dropped to number 10, grossing an additional $3,202,679. In its third weekend, the film dropped to number 14, grossing $1,075,668. In its fourth weekend, the film dropped to number 22, grossing $346,430. ===Critical response=== Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a rating of 8% based on 40 reviews and an average rating of 2.40/10. The site's consensus reads, "Sloppy, vulgar, and manic, A Haunted House 2 might be worth a chuckle or two, but mostly it's a string of pop culture references and crude gags that fail to hit their intended targets." Another review aggregation website, Metacritic, gave the film a score of 17 out of 100 based on 16 critics, indicating "overwhelming dislike". Bruce Demara of the Toronto Star gave the film half a star out of four, saying "It is a vile, wretched, appalling waste of time, a movie for morons that is offensive on so many levels. It is loud, profane and profoundly stupid. One has to question how a film so awful could even be made, it is that bad. Most regrettably, it is not funny, not even a tiny bit." John Semley of The Globe and Mail gave the film zero stars out of four, saying "A Haunted House 2 is dumber than dumb dumb, which at least has the nerve to be unapologetically dumb. Worse, it's Wayans dumb." Kevin C. Johnson of the St. Louis Post- Dispatch gave the film three out of five stars, saying "This send-up of current horror movies is a go-for-broke hoot, a hot mess of a comedy that doesn't have a lick of sense. And knowing that going in adds to the often knee-slapping laughs." Jennifer Miller of Film.com gave the film a one out of ten, saying "There are almost no redeeming qualities to this movie. It is bad enough to trigger an existential crisis in the heartiest of movie-lovers." Justin Lowe of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a negative review, saying "Wayans' performance again relies primarily on mugging it up and outrageous attempts at self-indulgent humor to elicit laughs, topped with copious doses of raunchy sexual innuendo and activity." Stephan Lee of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a D, saying "You don't walk into a movie like A Haunted House 2 expecting anything remotely scary or serious, but you don't expect to walk out feeling a terrible sense of dread, either." Stephanie Merry of The Washington Post gave the film a negative review, saying "A Haunted House 2 is so bombastically stupid that its well-earned R rating doesn't seem sufficient. The movie should come with another warning: The following 87 minutes would be better spent alphabetizing your spice rack." Alonso Duralde of The Wrap gave the film a negative review, saying "Calling this one an improvement is like saying that being kicked in the shin is better than being punched in the stomach. Either way, it hurts." Andrew Barker of Variety gave the film a negative review, saying "Marlon Wayans' parody sequel is as inept and puerile as its predecessor, but let no one say its screenwriter and star doesn't give it his all." Sherilyn Connelly of The Village Voice gave the film a positive review, saying "Though he's not for all tastes, there's something admirable about Wayans's willingness to do anything for a laugh, often reminiscent of Jerry Lewis at his most frantic." Scott Tobias of The Dissolve gave the film a negative review, saying "Like sunrise over a steaming pile of garbage, A Haunted House 2 offers another sharp whiff of its predecessor, a Scary Movie- style spoof of the Paranormal Activity movies that makes up in volume what it lacks in invention." Ignatiy Vishnevetsky of The A.V. Club gave the film a D+, saying "A Haunted House 2 is unlikely to put anyone to sleep. That's enough to mark it as an improvement over its predecessor, a Scary Movie take-off so poky and dull that it played more like a bad festival-circuit art film than a bad lowbrow comedy. However rubbery and manic, though, A Haunted House 2 still can't overcome star attraction Marlon Wayans' severely limited comic skill set." ===Home media=== A Haunted House 2 was released on DVD and Blu-ray on August 12, 2014. ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:2014 comedy horror films Category:2014 films Category:2014 horror films Category:African-American comedy horror films Category:American supernatural horror films Category:American sex comedy films Category:American parody films Category:2010s English-language films Category:Films about exorcism Category:Films set in 2013 Category:Films set in California Category:Films shot in California Category:Found footage films Category:IM Global films Category:American independent films Category:Open Road Films films Category:American sequel films Category:Films directed by Michael Tiddes Category:American slapstick comedy films Category:Parodies of horror Category:Supernatural comedy films Category:2010s sex comedy films Category:2014 comedy films Category:2014 independent films Category:2010s American films
39333458	A Bucketful of Soul	A Bucketful of Soul is the third album by jazz organist Trudy Pitts which was recorded in late 1967 and early 1968 and released on the Prestige label.Prestige Records discography accessed May 8, 2013Discogs Album Entry accessed May 8, 2013 == Track listing == All compositions by Trudy Pitts except where noted. # "Bucket Full of Soul" (Bill Carney) – 3:50 # "My Waltz" (Trudy Pitts) – 3:45 # "Love for Sale" (Cole Porter) – 7:00 # "Satin Doll" (Duke Ellington, Billy Strayhorn, Johnny Mercer) – 2:55 # "The Shadow of Your Smile" (Johnny Mandel, Paul Francis Webster) – 3:00 # "Renaissance" (Schere) – 2:35 # "Lil' Darlin'" (Neal Hefti) – 4:10 # "Come Dawn" – 4:20 # "Please Keep My Dream" (Bill Carney, Sonny Truitt) – 2:25 *Recorded at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey, on December 20, 1967 (tracks 1 & 6) and February 8, 1968 (tracks 2-5 & 7-9) == Personnel == *Trudy Pitts – organ *Wilbert Longmire – guitar *Bill Carney – drums == References == Category:Trudy Pitts albums Category:1968 albums Category:Prestige Records albums Category:Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio Category:Albums produced by Cal Lampley
39388324	A Field in England	A Field in England is a 2013 British historical psychological horror film directed by Ben Wheatley. The film, shot in black-and-white, is set during the mid-17th-century English Civil War. The film was released on 2013 on multiple platforms simultaneously, including cinemas, home media and video on demand. It was also broadcast on Film4 on the day of its release. ==Plot== During a battle of the English Civil War, an alchemist's assistant named Whitehead flees from the strict Commander Trower. Whitehead is saved by a rough soldier named Cutler, who kills Trower before he can apprehend Whitehead. Whitehead then meets two army deserters, the gruff veteran Jacob and the witless Friend. The four leave the battleground in search of an ale house that Cutler claims is nearby. Cutler instead leads them to a field with many mushrooms growing in it, where he cooks a meal with some mushrooms and encourages the others to eat, which they share—save for Whitehead who is fasting. Following their meal they haul an Irishman, the Wizard O'Neill, seemingly out of the ground using a rope wrapped around a strangely carved wooden post buried in the ground. O'Neill is a rival alchemist for whom Cutler works; and who had stolen documents from Whitehead's master, which Whitehead is trying to recover. O'Neill quickly asserts authority over the group and tells them of a treasure hidden somewhere in the field. The group goes to O'Neill's camp, where O'Neill tortures Whitehead into subservience to use him as a human divining rod. After using Whitehead to locate the treasure, which it turns out is near the camp, O'Neill orders Jacob and Friend to dig for it while he leaves Cutler to supervise, and goes to sleep in a tent. Jacob soon succumbs to the influence of the hallucinogenic mushrooms, and after several hours of digging he attacks Friend. Cutler laughs and urinates on them, and when Jacob attempts to attack him, Cutler accidentally shoots Friend. Whitehead is unable to save him, and Friend dies, telling Jacob to deliver a message to his wife, telling her that he hates her. Cutler is forced to finish digging by himself, while Jacob lies down in the undergrowth, and Whitehead deposits Friend's corpse in a thicket. Cutler eventually nears reaching the treasure, attracting the attention of O'Neill, who discovers Jacob and Whitehead gone. Reaching where Friend's corpse is, O'Neill pursues Whitehead, who ingests a considerable quantity of mushrooms, heightening his awareness but suffering a hallucinatory experience, wherein he conjures a violent wind to blow away the camp's tent. Cutler discovers that the "treasure" is just a skull, which he shoots in anger. Jacob comes back to join Whitehead in escaping from O'Neill. Cutler angrily berates O'Neill, blaming him for trusting Whitehead and lying to him about the alehouse—which was simply a ploy to entice Jacob and Friend—and abuses him. O'Neill promptly kills Cutler and then pursues Whitehead and Jacob, who scavenge Cutler's weapons and return to the overturned camp. As they are preparing for an attack, Friend appears alive and reveals their location to O'Neill. As Jacob throws Friend to the ground to stop him, O'Neill shoots Jacob in the gut, but Jacob returns fire breaking O'Neill's leg. Jacob dies from his injuries, after he and Whitehead surmise that the treasure was the friendship they shared. Friend brandishes Cutler's pike and charges O'Neill, but O'Neill kills him with his last shot. Whitehead takes advantage of the situation to finally kill O'Neill by shooting him in the back of the head. Whitehead buries his friends' corpses in the hole and leaves the field. Wearing O'Neill's clothes, he gathers his master's stolen documents and returns to the hedgerow where he first met Cutler, Jacob and Friend, from which battle sounds are rising. After he wades through the hedge, he sees Friend, Jacob and himself standing together. ==Cast== ==Production== A Field in England is directed by Ben Wheatley and based on a screenplay by Amy Jump. Wheatley became interested in the film's historical setting of the English Civil War when he filmed a documentary about the Sealed Knot, a historical reenactment society. In his research, Wheatley also learned about the use of hallucinogens during the 17th century. He said, "People were grinding mushrooms into dust and blowing it into people's faces and then doing magic tricks." Wheatley sought funding to produce the film, which he had planned for years. The film was ultimately developed and financed by Film4.0, a division of Film4 that serves as an innovation hub. Variety reported that the film was described as "a psychedelic trip into magic and madness". Wheatley said A Field in England combines "the more psychedelic elements" from his previous films Kill List and Sightseers and "weaves in our take on historical drama" with the English Civil War. The film was shot in black-and-white. The Observer said the style was part of a resurgence with films like The Artist, Much Ado About Nothing, Frances Ha and Nebraska. Wheatley said he and cinematographer Laurie Rose made a spontaneous decision to film in black-and-white. Wheatley and Rose watched Culloden and other films by Peter Watkins, as well as arthouse films from the 1960s and 1970s, to explore the style. The pair experimented with camera tests before filming A Field in England and committed to the "unfussy" style. With a production budget of £300,000, filming began in late September 2012. It took place in the countryside outside Guildford in Surrey. Filming lasted for . ==Release== A Field in England screened in competition at the 48th Karlovy Vary International Film Festival on 2013, where it won the Special Jury Prize. It was released in the United Kingdom on 2013 through several platforms simultaneously. The Hollywood Reporter said, "A Field in England will mark the first time a homegrown title has been released simultaneously in theaters, on DVD, free TV and video-on-demand." The film had received funding from the BFI Distribution Fund New Models strand, "which supports experimental release models". Film4 and its arms 4DVD and Film4 Channel collaborated with distributor Picturehouse Entertainment and with the BFI Distribution Fund for the rollout. Wheatley compared the multi-platform release to how the band Radiohead released its album In Rainbows for free. Drafthouse Films acquired the rights to distribute the film in North America. It partnered with Cinedigm in September 2013, and they released the film on 6 February 2014 on various platforms and formats. For the cinema release of A Field in England in the UK, Weltons Brewery brewed a limited-edition ale to give to cinema-goers. The beer had the tagline "Open Up and Let the Devil In" to tie into the use of hallucinogens in the film. The ale was bottled with yeast, which required a slow pour to ensure "continuous secondary fermentation" for the beer to be fresh. ==Reception== The film received positive reviews. On film aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, it has a "Certified Fresh" 86% rating, with an average score of 7.2/10, based on reviews from 67 critics. The site's consensus reads, "Recklessly assembled and occasionally compelling in spite of itself, A Field In England showcases a singularly brilliant voice in British cinema". It has a score of 73/100 (indicating "generally favorable reviews") on Metacritic, based on reviews from 19 critics. Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian wrote that A Field in England was a "grisly and visceral" film that was "exposed to the elements, shivering with fever and discomfort". Bradshaw said that Wheatley has "cleverly alighted on the one period that suits his stripped-down visuals and subversive instincts perfectly". Jonathan Romney of The Independent wrote that the film was Wheatley's "most unclassifiable yet, blending historical drama, 1960s psychedelia and formal experimentation". He said, "Flawed as it is, A Field in England is some achievement, drumming up an earthly inferno out of next to nothing—dirt and wind, a patch of land, some blokes with scraggy beards. The result, in a minor-key fashion, is a blast—Apocalypse Now among the hedgerows." Stephen Dalton, reviewing for The Hollywood Reporter, said, "A strikingly original historical thriller spiced with occult mysticism and mind- warping hallucinations, British director Ben Wheatley's fourth feature has all the midnight-movie intensity of a future cult classic." Dalton noted flaws in the film but said that beside them, A Field in England is a rich, strange, hauntingly intense work from a highly original writer-director team." Peter Debruge of Variety called A Field in England "a defiantly unclassifiable cross-genre experiment ... that simultaneously reinvents and regurgitates low- budget British cinema as it goes". Debruge said of the director's approach, "Clearly, Wheatley is bored with the paint-by-numbers approach of his horror contemporaries, but has swung so far in the opposite direction here, the result feels almost amateurishly avant garde at times, guilty of the sort of indulgences one barely tolerates in student films." ===Writing=== The Guardians Peter Bradshaw said A Field in England had "a more literary screenplay" than "the improv feel" of Wheatley's previous films. Bradshaw compared the writing to that of Dennis Potter and Edward Bond. He also found the British tone similar to the films Straw Dogs and Withnail and I. The Independents Romney said, "The screenplay contains much juicy period dialogue, although the gist is often lost amid hectic cuts, drunken camera moves and the men's habit of grabbing each other by the throat." For Romney, "the sharpest moments of clarity" in the narrative came in the dialogue. The Hollywood Reporters Dalton wrote, "One of the film's pleasures is its rich dialogue—a ripe blend of Shakespearean finery, salty swearing and lowbrow toilet humor." The trade paper noted, "Jump sets up some interesting tensions between Christian faith and Pagan witchcraft, science and sorcery, soldiers and scholars." ===Cinematography=== The Guardian wrote that "the monochrome images" were similar to those of the 1975 film Winstanley. The Independent said the photography had "furious visual panache and ... ominous, often abstract beauty". The Hollywood Reporter commended the "terrific" cinematography of "ravishing monochrome vistas punctuated by extreme close-ups of plants, animals, insects and tormented human faces". Variety wrote, "The commitment to monochrome brings out a beauty largely absent in previous collaborations with d.p. Laurie Rose, though his handheld style and axis- breaking setups often disorient—and not necessarily in ways that help the psychic imbalance the pic means to achieve." ===Cast and characters=== The Guardian wrote, "Smiley is a great O'Neil, scary and commanding, while Shearsmith's Whitehead is hilariously submissive." It added about Shearsmith's role, "His performance here is equal to and better than the 'gothic' characters he has created on television." Variety also commended Shearsmith's performance as leaving "the strongest impression". The trade paper expressed disappointment at a general lack of character development, "Although Wheatley and Jump have gotten away with eliminating exposition and traditional character detail in the past, it's frustratingly difficult to follow what this motley group is searching for, much less to distinguish between the various personalities." ===Editing=== Ben Wheatley and Amy Jump edited the film together. Variety said the editors "hypnotize the audience by cutting back and forth between shots of the various characters, folding and mirroring the images into disconcerting hallucinations". The Independent wrote that the editors' "big firework display" was that of a psychedelic experience, which was "a stroboscopic pandemonium of mirror images, flash cuts, bursts of light". ===Music and sound=== The Hollywood Reporter said, "Sound designer Martin Pavey and composer Jim Williams also deserve special mention for underpinning these ostensibly calm pastoral scenes with a constant undertow of clanging, churning menace." The Independent commended Pavey's work, "Everything floats unmoored, dialogue has the same sonic status as the wind or the eerie music." ==See also== *List of films featuring hallucinogens *List of black-and-white films produced since 1966 ==References== ==External links== * – official site * * Category:2013 films Category:2013 horror films Category:2010s historical horror films Category:2010s psychological horror films Category:Folk horror films Category:British historical horror films Category:British black-and-white films Category:English Civil War films Category:Films directed by Ben Wheatley Category:Films about deserters Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s British films
39434460	A Gentle Gangster	A Gentle Gangster is a 1943 black-and-white drama film, directed by Phil Rosen and produced by A. W. Hackel. ==Cast== *Molly Lamont as Ann Hallit *Barton MacLane as Mike Hallit *Dick Wessel as Steve Parker *Joyce Compton as Kitty Parker *Jack La Rue as Hugo *Cy Kendall as Al Malone *Rosella Towne as Helen Barton *Ray Teal as Joe Barton *Crane Whitley as Reverend Hamilton *Elliot Sullivan as Lefty *Anthony Warde as Charles ==External links== * * Category:Films directed by Phil Rosen Category:Republic Pictures films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1943 crime drama films Category:1943 films Category:American crime drama films Category:1940s American films Category:1940s English-language films
39561083	A Day on Mars	A Day on Mars (German: Ein Tag auf dem Mars) is a 1921 German silent sci-fi comedy film directed by Heinz Schall and starring Lilly Flohr, Hermann Picha and Gerhard Ritterband. It premiered in Berlin on 20 February 1921.Grange p.86 ==Cast== * Lilly Flohr as Filmstar / Mars-Prinzessin * Hermann Picha as Astronom Himmelswurm * Gerhard Ritterband as Famulus * Hans Behrendt * Henri Peters-Arnolds ==References== ==Bibliography== * Grange, William. Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Scarecrow Press, 2008. ==External links== * Category:1921 films Category:Films of the Weimar Republic Category:German silent feature films Category:German science fiction comedy films Category:1920s science fiction comedy films Category:Films directed by Heinz Schall Category:German black-and-white films Category:1921 comedy films Category:1920s German films Category:1920s German-language films Category:Silent science fiction comedy films
39571443	A Bunch of Munsch	A Bunch of Munsch is a Canadian–American animated anthology television series produced by Cinar. Each episode is based on a book by American-Canadian children's author Robert Munsch. The show aired from December 7, 1991 to December 2, 1992 on CTV in Canada and Showtime in the United States. The series was announced on January 12, 1991.https://www.newspapers.com/newspage/464005913/ Every story featured a unique original song, usually sung by the lead character. All episodes were released to VHS by Golden Book Video in the early 1990s. The releases were eventually packaged and updated in the late 1990s by Sony Wonder. Originally, there was going to be an episode based on Love You Forever, but due to budget cuts, it was scrapped. Additionally, the stories are slightly different from how they're executed in the book. ==Episode list== Seven episodes, each being two 11-minute segments in a 30-minute slot (the lone exception being The Paper Bag Princess, which was one 22-minute episode divided into two segments), were created: ===Christmas special (1994)=== == Voices == ==DVD release== Mill Creek Entertainment released the complete series on DVD in Region 1 on August 4, 2015.Date, Cost, Details, Box Art for 'The Complete Series' from Mill Creek ==References== ==External links== * * A Bunch of Munsch (Irre Kinderei) at fernsehserien.de Category:1990s Canadian animated television series Category:1990s Canadian anthology television series Category:1991 Canadian television series debuts Category:1992 Canadian television series endings Category:1990s American animated television series Category:1990s American anthology television series Category:1991 American television series debuts Category:1992 American television series endings Category:Canadian children's animated anthology television series Category:American children's animated anthology television series Category:English-language television shows Category:Canadian children's musical television series Category:American children's musical television series Category:Canadian children's animated musical television series Category:American children's animated musical television series Category:Television series by Cookie Jar Entertainment Category:Television series by DHX Media Category:Canadian television shows based on children's books Category:American television shows based on children's books Category:CTV Television Network original programming Category:Showtime (TV network) original programming
39590822	A Glass of Water (1923 film)	A Glass of Water (German: Ein Glas Wasser) is a 1923 German silent historical drama film directed by Ludwig Berger and starring Mady Christians, Lucie Höflich and Hans Brausewetter. It premiered at the UFA-Palast am Zoo on 1 February 1923. It was based on a play of the same title by Eugène Scribe, set in England during the reign of Queen Anne. The film was very well received both commercially and critically on its release. It is considered one of the milestones of Weimar cinema.Hardt, Ursula. From Caligari to California: Erich Pommer's life in the International Film Wars. Berghahn Books, 1996. p. 78. The film's sets were designed by the art director Rudolf Bamberger. It was made at the Babelsberg Studios in Berlin with location shooting in Bayreuth. ==Cast== *Mady Christians as Queen Anne *Lucie Höflich as the Duchess of Marlborough *Hans Brausewetter as John William Masham (a fictionalised version of Samuel Masham) *Rudolf Rittner as Lord Henry Bolingbroke (a fictionalised version of Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke) *Helga Thomas as Abigail *Hugo Döblin as Tomwood the jeweller *Hans Wassmann as Lord Richard Scott *Bruno Decarli as Marquis Torcy *Max Gülstorff as Thompson *Franz Jackson as Hassan *Henry Stuart *Joseph Römer *Gertrud Wolle ==See also== *A Glass of Water (1960) ==References== ==External links== * Category:Films of the Weimar Republic Category:German silent feature films Category:Films based on works by Eugène Scribe Category:Films directed by Ludwig Berger Category:Films set in England Category:Films set in London Category:Films set in the 1700s Category:German films based on plays Category:Cultural depictions of Anne, Queen of Great Britain Category:German historical films Category:1920s historical films Category:Films produced by Erich Pommer Category:German black-and-white films Category:Films shot at Babelsberg Studios Category:UFA GmbH films Category:1920s German films
39608247	A K Khan & Company	A K Khan & Co. Ltd. is one of the oldest Bangladeshi conglomerates headquartered in Chittagong. It was established in 1945 by Abul Kashem Khan during the Second World War. ==History== A K Khan & Company established in 1945 by Abul Kashem Khan in Chittagong, which became the main port of East Pakistan after the Partition of India. Khan was the Minister of Industries in the government of Pakistan from 1958 to 1962. In the 1950s, Khan expanded into jute, insurance, textile, tannery, heavy industries, shipping, irrigation, and plywood. After the death of Khan in 1991, A. M. Zahiruddin Khan took over the management of A K Khan & Company. In 1997, A K Khan and company launched AKTEL, a joint venture telecommunication service with Telekom Malaysia. Zahiruddin died in 2005 and was succeeded by A. K. Shamsuddin Khan. In June 2008, A K Khan & Company sold its 30 percent stake in AKTEL to NTT Docomo of Japan for 350 million USD. The company announced the start of construction of a hotel in Chittagong in November 2009. In November 2014, A K Khan and Company received permission to build a economic zone in Narsingdi District. A. K. Shamsuddin Khan retired as chairman of A K Khan & Company retired in 2015 and was replaced by Zebun Nahar Islam. A K Khan & Company announced it will establish a tire plant under joint collaboration with Indian company CEAT in January 2016. The company is also building a private sector Special Economic Zone in Narsingdi. In October 2020, KAM Majedur was appointed Chief executive officer of A K Khan & Company. A. M. Ziauddin Khan succeeded Zebun Nahar Islam as chairman of the group in 2023. A K Khan Economic Zone in 2023 was awaiting a gas connection from Titas Gas to begin operation. == Board of directors == Name Position Reference A. M. Ziauddin Khan Chairman Abul Kasem Khan Vice- Chairman K A M Majedur Rahman Chief executive officer A. K. Shamsuddin Khan Director Yasmine Khan Kabir Director Sadruddin Khan Director Mikhail Idris Islam Director Mujtaba Ali Khan Director == Subsidiaries == * A K Khan WaterHealth (Bangladesh) Limited * CEAT A K Khan Limited * AK Khan Penfabric Company Limited * M.Y. & Union (BD) Limited * Coats Bangladesh Limited (joint venture with Coats Group) * Bengal Fisheries Limited * Akceycom Limited * Andhar Manik Tea State * A. K. Khan Jute Mill * Chittagong Textile Mills Limited * A.K. Khan Match Factory * A.K. Khan Rubber Plantation * A. K. Khan Plywood Factory * A. K. Khan & Company Limited Clearance and Forwarding Division * A. K. Khan Cold Storage Limited * A. K. Khan Securities Limited * A. K. Khan Telecom Limited * Infocom Limited * A K Khan Economic Zone * A.K. Khan Container Terminal * AKK Logistics & Distribution Limited * Niketan Hotel and Resort, Chittagong * AKK Real Estate Limited * A.K. Khan Tower ==References== == External links == * Category:Conglomerate companies established in 1945 Category:Conglomerate companies of Bangladesh Category:Companies based in Chittagong Category:1945 establishments in India
39710446	A Little Bit of Luck	"A Little Bit of Luck" is a song by English UK garage duo DJ Luck & MC Neat. The song contains samples of "Unity", a 1991 breakbeat hardcore track by Timebase featuring Kromozone, interpolated vocals from Yami Bolo's "When a Man in Love", and uses the drums from an earlier garage track, "Hyperfunk" by Antonio. The song reached the top 10 on the UK Singles Chart, peaking at number nine. It was the first of three consecutive top-10 hit singles for the duo. In 2017, DJ Luck & MC Neat featured on the track "Through the Night" by rapper Bugzy Malone from his EP King of the North, using resung vocals from "A Little Bit of Luck". It reached No. 92 in the UK. In September 2019, NME included the song in their "25 essential UK garage anthems" list. Capital Xtra included the song in their list of "The Best Old-School Garage Anthems of All Time". In 2018, the House & Garage Orchestra together with MC Neat recorded an orchestral version for the UK garage covers album Garage Classics. ==Track listings== UK CD, 12-inch, and CD single # "A Little Bit of Luck" (original) – 5:51 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (Dreem House Remix) – 4:44 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (Oracles Remix) – 4:22 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (DJ Luck & Shy Cookie Remix) – 4:46 Australian and New Zealand CD single # "A Little Bit of Luck" (radio edit) – 3:34 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (original mix) – 5:50 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (Dreem House Remix) – 4:46 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (Oracles Remix) – 4:24 # "A Little Bit of Luck" (DJ Luck & Shy Cookie Remix) – 4:48 ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1999–2000) Peak position Europe (Eurochart Hot 100) 45 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2000) Position UK Singles (OCC) 81 ==Certifications== ==References== Category:1999 songs Category:1999 debut singles Category:DJ Luck & MC Neat songs Category:Songs about luck Category:Black-and-white music videos
3979605	A Letter to Elise	"A Letter to Elise" is a song by English rock band the Cure, released as the third and final single from the album Wish on 5 October 1992. In 2010, Pitchfork Media ranked it at number 184 in their list of "The Top 200 Tracks of the 1990s". == Background == "A Letter to Elise" was made public for the first time on MTV's Cure-"Unplugged" show in 1991 and had very different lyrics from the later version to be released as a 7". Letters to Felice by Kafka was a huge influence when Robert Smith wrote the lyrics of the track. The B-side "The Big Hand" was planned as an A-side single early in 1993 but the idea was scrapped, largely due to Boris Williams not wanting the track to appear on the album but having no qualms about it appearing as a B-side (from KROQ radio interview with the band in 1992). "The Big Hand" is one of the few B-sides to be played live, although very rarely. It was first played in 1991, performed a few times during the Wish Tour in 1992, then revived at the Ultra Music Festival in 2007, and was occasionally played during the band's 4Tour World Tour 2007–08. A promo version of the song features yet another longer unreleased mix, with phaser on Robert Smith's voice. An instrumental version on cassette is also known to exist. "A Letter to Elise" itself was revived by the band's new Smith/Gallup/Thompson/Cooper lineup in 2005 after being played sparingly, if ever, during the Smith/Gallup/Bamonte/Cooper/O'Donnell era. == Impact == "A Letter to Elise" has been covered by Aaron Sprinkle, for his Really Something EP; Blink-182, for the MTV Icon show for the Cure; and Sense Field, for their 2003 album Living Outside. ==Track listings== ==Personnel== * Robert Smith – guitar, keyboard, vocals, 6 string bass * Perry Bamonte – 6 string bass, guitar, keyboard * Simon Gallup – bass * Porl Thompson – guitar * Boris Williams – percussion, drums * Bryan 'Chuck' New ==Charts== Chart (1992) Peak position Australia (ARIA) 103 ==References== ==External links== * Category:Songs about letters (message) Category:The Cure songs Category:1992 singles Category:Songs written by Robert Smith (musician) Category:1992 songs Category:Fiction Records singles Category:Songs containing the I–V-vi-IV progression Category:Songs written by Perry Bamonte Category:Songs written by Boris Williams Category:Songs written by Lol Tolhurst Category:Songs written by Porl Thompson Category:Song recordings produced by David M. Allen
39854476	A Joyful Noise Unto The Creator	A Joyful Noise Unto The Creator is the second album by United Kingdom acid jazz group Galliano. It was released on Gilles Peterson's Talkin' Loud record label on 8 June 1992. The album reached number 28 in the UK Albums Chart. ==Critical reception== The Calgary Herald praised the "good vibes, funkified, reggae-tried, soul-inside rap." ==Track listing== ==Release history== Region Date Label Format Catalog United Kingdom Talkin' Loud (Phonogram Records) LP 848080-1 United Kingdom Talkin' Loud (Phonogram Records) CD 848080-2 United Kingdom Talkin' Loud (Phonogram Records) MC 848080-4 Japan Talkin' Loud (Phonogram Records) CD PHCR-34 ==References== Category:1992 albums Category:Galliano (band) albums Category:Talkin' Loud albums
40011318	A Band Called Death	A Band Called Death is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Mark Christopher Covino and Jeff Howlett. The documentary is about the 1970s rock band Death, and their new-found popularity decades after the group recorded their music. The film premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival in 2012 and was well received by film critics. ==Synopsis== A Band Called Death is the story of three musician brothers, born to a Baptist preacher and his wife in 1950s Detroit. In their teenage years, the three brothers (to five other siblings) emerge as, first, a budding rock/funk band, heavily influenced by Motown & Parliament, ultimately evolving into pioneers of punk music, Death. Influenced by music by Alice Cooper and The Who, the group was heavily steered by the guidance and decisions of visionary eldest brother and guitarist, David Hackney. The story follows the brothers' unsuccessful attempts to get radio airplay and a record deal, largely due to David's adamant refusal to change the name from Death. An eventual trek east finds the boys in Burlington, Vermont, living with relatives and reflecting on the failure of David's vision. We begin to explore post-Death projects in The 4th Movement, a gospel/rock band with the same line-up. However, after two years of being homesick, David returns to Detroit, leaving Dannis and Bobby to form a lively reggae band called Lambsbread. The film also focuses on the intense brotherly bond between the group members, and their personal lives, including David Hackney's battle with alcoholism, his death in 2000 and his family members' reactions to these events. The film follows the re-discovery of the group through record collectors leading to an eventual release of Death's album ...For the Whole World to See by the Drag City record label and the group's eventual reunion and touring with a new guitarist. ==Production== Director Jeff Howlett met Bobby Hackney Sr. and Dannis Hackney in the 1990s at a local music festival where his band and their band, Lambsbread, were playing. Bobby Hackney Jr. had formed his own band Rough Francis with his brothers to honor his father's band Death. After Howlett saw the show, he was impressed with the music and with Bobby Jr. and his father, and they began working on the documentary. In 2008, Mark Covino met Howlett while working on a video that Howlett was directing. The next year, Howlett approached Covino to work on the film with him, but Covino was initially hesitant about helping Howlett as he was attempting to finish his own documentary feature at the time. He changed his mind after reading an article in The New York Times on the group and hearing the two songs from the "Politicians in my Eyes" 7" single. Covino spent months organizing and scanning photos from members of the groups family from Vermont, Ohio and Detroit. Very little video footage of the group's guitarist David Hackney surfaced during their duo's research. ==Release== A Band Called Death had its world premiere at the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival on June 16. It was acquired by Drafthouse Films shortly before screening at South By Southwest in 2013. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on August 13, 2013. ==Reception== Initial critical response to A Band Called Death was positive. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received an average score of 77, based on 14 reviews. ==Notes== ==External links== * * * Category:2012 documentary films Category:2012 films Category:2010s American films Category:American documentary films Category:Documentary films about African Americans Category:Documentary films about Michigan Category:Documentary films about punk music and musicians Category:Documentary films about Vermont Category:Films produced by Scott Mosier
40232752	A Little Is Enough	"A Little Is Enough" is a single written and performed by Pete Townshend, also known for being the guitarist for The Who. The track appeared on his album, Empty Glass. ==Background== Pete Townshend pledged that "A Little Is Enough" was meant to make the best of Pete Townshend and Karen Townshend's fitful marriage. "I was able to very easily put into words something that had actually happened to me when I was a thirty-four-year-old," he said. "It's very emotional, but it's also very straightforward and clear." Townshend has also said that the song was inspired by an encounter with his spiritual guru, Meher Baba's, secretary, Adi Irani. Pete Townshend also said that he preferred "A Little Is Enough" to his US top nine hit "Let My Love Open The Door" by saying that "Let My Love Open The Door" was just a "ditty". The song also makes a reference to Rémy Martin in the lyrics "I'm like a connoisseur of champagne cognac, the perfume nearly beats the taste." ==Release and reception== "A Little is Enough" was released on the 1980 Empty Glass album, where it was the eighth track on the album. The track was then released as the second US single from said album, where it was backed with "Cat's in the Cupboard" (also from Empty Glass). The single was modestly successful, hitting #72. It was followed up by "Rough Boys" in America. The single wasn't released in Britain, where another single from Empty Glass, "Keep On Working" was issued instead. Record World called it a "stunning triumph" and said that "the vocal urgency is awesome." "A Little Is Enough" was cited as a highlight from Empty Glass by AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine.[ Allmusic 'Empty Glass' review] ==Chart performance== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1980) Peak position US Billboard Hot 100Joel Whitburn's Top Pop Singles 1955-1990 - 72 ==References== Category:1980 singles Category:Pete Townshend songs Category:Songs written by Pete Townshend Category:Song recordings produced by Pete Townshend Category:1980 songs Category:Atco Records singles
40474725	A Corner in Cotton	A Corner in Cotton is a five-reel silent film melodrama produced in 1916 by Quality Pictures and distributed by Metro Pictures. The movie was filmed at studios in New York and California and on locations near Savannah, Georgia. A Corner in Cotton was directed by Fred J. Balshofer, with the assistance of Howard Truesdell and adapted for film by Charles A. Taylor from a story by Anita Loos. The film was released on February 21, 1916, with Marguerite Snow in the starring role. ==Plot== A Corner in Cotton tells the story of Peggy Ainslee, the daughter of a wealthy New York cotton broker, and John Carter, the son of a Southern cotton mill owner. Peggy grows weary of society life and decides to help improve the lot of the poor by becoming involved with the Settlement movement. She later travels south to investigate working conditions at Carter's cotton mill. Peggy manages to gain employment there, but soon attracts the unwanted advances of the mill foreman. John saves her from the would-be masher and the couple eventually fall in love. This becomes a problem with their fathers who had become business antagonist. In the end Peggy and John married after she foils her father's attempt to ruin Carter by cornering the market in cotton and then persuades the two men to settle their differences. ==Cast== * Marguerite Snow as Peggy Ainslee * William Clifford as Richard Ainslee * Frank Bacon as Col. Robert Carter * Helen Dunbar as Mrs. Carter * Wilfred Rogers as John Carter * Zella Caull as Isabel Rawlston * Howard Truesdale as Charles Hathaway * Lester Cuneo as Willis Jackson * John Goldsworthy as Algie Sherwood ==References== ==External links== * Category:1916 films Category:American silent feature films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1916 drama films Category:American black-and- white films Category:Melodrama films Category:Metro Pictures films Category:Films directed by Fred J. Balshofer Category:1910s American films
40541172	A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times	{{Infobox book | name = A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times | image = A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times Volume 1 title page 1905 edition.jpg | caption = 'A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times', Volume 1, title page, 1905 edition | alt = | author = John Henry Wright Charles McLean Andrews John Fiske Heinrich Theodor Flathe Gustav Hertzberg Ferdinand Justi Julius von Pflugk-Harttung Martin Philippson Hans Prutz Frederick Wells Williams | title_orig = | orig_lang_code = | title_working = | translator = | illustrator = | cover_artist = | country = United States | language = English | subject = History of the mankind | genre = | published = 1905 | media_type = | awards = | dewey = | congress = | preceded_by = | followed_by = | wikisource = }} A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times is an illustrated, 24-volume work published in 1905. Harvard University professor John Henry Wright was the editor and translator, while authors included Charles McLean Andrews, John Fiske, Heinrich Theodor Flathe, Gustav Hertzberg, Ferdinand Justi, Julius von Pflugk-Harttung, Martin Philippson, Hans Prutz, and Frederick Wells Williams. == Subject == The series attempted to cover the entire history of the mankind. The preface to the first volume of the book stated— "In the wonderful intellectual movement of the past half- century has shared in the advance made by all departments of human knowledge. New sources of information have been opened in every part of the world, which have thrown fresh light on the development of the race in all ages, from the prehistoric period down to the present day... History is no longer a merely superficial account of events which are conspicuous on the surface, — battles and sieges and dynastic changes. It seeks to trace the causes of the events; it concerns itself not only with political but also with social phenomena; it reconstructs society, and explains the development of civilization as this follows the changing fortunes of nations. It is no longer more or less an illusionary romance, but a science which deals with the highest interests of mankind, and teaches wisdom from the lessons of the past." == Reception == Twenty years in the making, the work was described as "a carefully edited translation, slightly condensed, with additions" of the corresponding volumes in Flathe's Allgemeine Weltgeschichte ("General World History"). ==References== ==External links== * Category:1905 non-fiction books Category:Series of history books
4056921	A Day in the Life of Donald Duck	"A Day in the Life of Donald Duck" is a 1956 episode of the Disneyland TV show. As the name of the episode implies, viewers experience Donald Duck himself as he struggles through a typical day at the Walt Disney Studios. In the process, he meets up with Jimmie Dodd, Roy Williams, the Mouseketeers and even his own voice, Clarence Nash. This episode introduces a song about Donald, "Quack, Quack, Quack, Donald Duck." ==Home media== The film was released on December 6, 2005, on Walt Disney Treasures: The Chronological Donald, Volume Two: 1942-1946. ==References== ==External links== * * TV.com Category:1956 American television episodes Category:Walt Disney anthology television series episodes Category:Donald Duck
40619799	A Cure for Pokeritis	A Cure for Pokeritis is a 1912 short silent film starring John Bunny and Flora Finch. After Bunny's death in 1915, a re-release was announced with the alternative title A Sure Cure for Pokeritis. The film, a domestic comedy, depicts a woman who stops her husband's gambling habit by having her cousin stage a fake police raid on his weekly poker game. It was one of many similar shorts produced by Vitagraph Studios—one-reel comedies starring Bunny and Finch in a domestic setting, known popularly as "Bunnygraphs" or "Bunnyfinches"—whose popularity made Bunny and Finch early film stars. The film has been recognized as an historically important representative of its period and genre. == Plot == Upon returning home from an evening spent losing at poker, George Brown swears off gambling forever. However, his friend Bigelow convinces him to secretly continue attending the weekly poker game and to tell his wife Mary that he has been admitted to the Sons of the Morning, a fraternal lodge, to explain his absences. When George sleep-talks, she becomes suspicious and has her cousin Freddie Dewdrop follow him, allowing her to learn the truth. Together with the wives of the other poker players, she enacts a plan to end the gambling. Freddie and the members of his Bible study group dress up as police officers and raid the game. The gamblers' wives then arrive, and the "police" leave the men to be scolded, purportedly in place of being arrested. As the film ends, the Browns reconcile. == Cast == It is not entirely clear what the names of the characters played by Bunny and Finch were intended to be. In the film, the letter written to gather the wives together identifies the two main characters as Mary and George Brown. However, a cast list in Vitagraph's in-house publication refers to the main characters as Mr. and Mrs. Bunny Sharpe, while "Mr. Brown" is given as the name of a minor character. * John Bunny as Mr. Bunny Sharpe / George Brown * Flora Finch as Mrs. Bunny Sharpe / Mary Brown * Charles Eldridge as Bunny's friend Bigelow * Harold Wilson as another friend * Rose Tapley as Bigelow's wife * Leah Baird as another friend's wife * Harry T. Morey as Freddie Dewdrop * Tom Powers as Freddie's chum * James Morrison as Freddie's chum * William R. Dunn as Mr. Brown * Arthur Rosson as the costumer == Production == thumb|alt=|A Cure for Pokeritis (1912) A Cure for Pokeritis was one of many Vitagraph's one-reel or shorter comedies starring Bunny and Finch in a domestic setting, known popularly as "Bunnygraphs" or "Bunnyfinches". The number of these shorts that were originally produced is unknown because Vitagraph's films were generally not archived. Estimates vary considerably; totals in excess of 150, 200, or 260 have been proposed. Most of the studio's films are now considered lost. The film was an early example of efforts to move beyond theater blocking conventions. During the police raid, depth was demonstrated by having action take place in both the foreground and the background, and by allowing actors to move between the spaces. This cinematography technique lent realism to the scene, and improved its pacing. == Exhibition == In the silent era, movies were accompanied by a variety of live and recorded music. Depending on the film and the venue, the music might have been the performance of a live pianist or orchestra, recorded music, or absent entirely. Some pictures were distributed with cue sheets indicating when music was to be played, or anthologies of specific songs to use as accompaniment. Especially between 1910 and 1912, these selections were often popular music, chosen because the song's title or lyrics related to the film in some way, in contrast to later efforts to provide music with appropriate texture. Beginning in 1910, Vitagraph provided lists of this nature for all of their films. === Music === Vitagraph's recommended music for A Cure for Pokeritis began with "I'm Glad I'm Married" and "I've Got My Eyes on You". The studio suggested either "I Don't Believe You" or "I'm an Honorary Member of the Patsy Club" be played as George presented his purported lodge membership. His sleep-talking was to be accompanied by "If You Talk in Your Sleep, Don't Mention My Name", followed by "Back to the Factory, Mary" as Freddie investigates. "Whoops, My Dear" was to score the police raid, and "Don't Take Me Home" would play as the film ended. == Reception and legacy == The Bunnygraphs, as a genre, were representative of the cinema of the period, and were very successful, making Bunny the first American comic film star and Finch the first female star comedian. A Cure for Pokeritis, released February 23, 1912, was individually well-received, including in showings outside the United States. The Thames Star, a New Zealand newspaper, described the film as "screamingly funny". After John Bunny's death, interest in his films led Vitagraph in 1917 to announce the re- release of this film (retitled A Sure Cure for Pokeritis), along with many of his other works, as "Favorite Film Features". However, the comedy style of A Cure for Pokeritis has not aged well, especially in contrast to Mack Sennett's slapstick films and the works of later comedians such as Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. According to film scholars Donald McCaffrey and Christopher Jacobs, modern viewers "will hardly get a flicker of a smile" from the film, despite the skill of its actors. The film's themes and its relationship to later works have been the subject of critical analysis. A Cure for Pokeritis may be the first depiction of poker in film, and provides insight into the public's perception of the game at the time as a male-dominated societal ill. This attitude, and a scene similar to the film's plot, is also present in Cassius Marcellus Coolidge's painting Sitting up with a Sick Friend, part of the Dogs Playing Poker series commissioned in 1903. A Cure for Pokeritis has been compared to sitcoms of both the 1940s and the end of the 20th century. Film historian Wes Gehring of Ball State University considers George to be a forerunner of the modern antihero archetype and compares the Browns to Laurel and Hardy. Other authors have examined the film's gender issues. Gerald Mast wrote that the comedic aspects overlaid a conflict between masculinity and moralist or feminist values. Brunel University lecturer Geoff King viewed the male lead's efforts to escape from an "imprisoning" wife to be a recurring theme in silent comedy, and film reviewer Peter Nash found the "fastidious and effeminate" Freddie an example of a contemporary gay stock character. In 2011, this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being a "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" representative of the Bunnygraph films. == Home media == A Cure for Pokeritis is in the public domain and so is widely available, including online. In 1998, Kino International included it in Slapstick Encyclopedia, an eight-volume VHS collection of silent films that was re-released in 2002 as a five-disc DVD collection by Image Entertainment. ==Notes== == References == ==Bibliography== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ==External links== *A Cure for Pokeritis – essay by Steve Massa on the National Film Registry website * * Category:1912 comedy films Category:1912 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:American silent short films Category:Articles containing video clips Category:Films directed by Laurence Trimble Category:Films about poker Category:United States National Film Registry films Category:Vitagraph Studios short films Category:1912 short films Category:1910s American films
40633672	A Cafe in Cairo	thumb|363x363px|A Cafe in Cairo ad in Exhibitor's Trade Review (Nov 1924-Feb 1925) A Cafe in Cairo is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Chester Withey and starring Priscilla Dean, Robert Ellis and Carl Stockdale. Hunt Stromberg produced it for release by the recently established Producers Distributing Corporation.The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Cafe in CairoProgressive Silent Film List: A Cafe in Cairo at silentera.com It was part of a wave of films with Middle Eastern settings which followed on from the success of Paramount's The Sheik in 1921. ==Synopsis== When her British parents are killed when an Arabian desert bandit launches an attack on their encampment, their young daughter is spared and brought up as an Arab known as Nadia. The bandit who killed Nadia's parents wishes to marry her. She is ordered to steal some documents from a British secret service agent but falls in love with him, and refuses to help the bandit. He threatens to throw both her and her lover into the Nile, before he is killed. Nadia and her lover return to England. ==Cast== ==Preservation== Witn no prints of A Cafe in Cairo located in any film archives,The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: A Cafe in Cairo it is a lost film. ==References== ==External links== * * *Lobby card at Getty Images Category:1924 films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films directed by Chester Withey Category:1924 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Producers Distributing Corporation films Category:Films set in Cairo Category:1920s American films
40643711	A Decade Underground	A Decade Underground is a CD and digital download set released on August 10, 2010 by Linkin Park Underground. The compilation album was the second compilation album and eleventh released EP by LP Underground. This release is one of the albums released per year by the fan club. ==Content== The album contains ten tracks. Out of these ten tracks nine are demos or lesser known songs from the band. The one track is a live cover of the band Temple of the Dog featuring its lead vocalist Chris Cornell. The album features tracks from the previous LP Underground albums by year. The track listing contains all the tracks from their retail released compilation Songs from the Underground (2008) in the same order, but also includes the later released "Across the Line" and "Pretend to Be" as bonus tracks. ==Background== "And One" (3rd track) and "Part of Me" (8th track) are also included in the LP Underground 1.0, the re-issue of the Hybrid Theory EP, which was originally by the former name Hybrid Theory. Both the songs originally released on November 28, 2008 in Linkin Park's second EP Songs from the Underground. "Dedicated (Demo 1999) (5th track) was included in the EP LP Underground 2.0 and was also included in the EP Songs from the Underground. "Sold My Soul to Yo Mama" (4th track) is included in LP Underground 4.0, it contains samples of "Points of Authority" and "Papercut" that originally appeared in their first studio release of the band, Hybrid Theory (2000). The song originally appeared on Songs from the Underground. "Announcement Service Public" (1st track) and "Qwerty" (2nd track) are included in LP Underground 6.0. Both tracks originally appeared on Songs from the Underground. "My December (Live 2008) [Piano Version]" (7th track) in 2008, which can be heard on Songs from the Underground. The Temple of the Dog cover of the song "Hunger Strike" performed by Chris Cornell with the band's lead vocalist Chester Bennington, can now be heard on the band's second extended play, Songs from the Underground. "Across the Line " (9th track) can be heard on LP Underground 9.0: Demos. "Pretend to Be" (10th track) can be heard on the LP Underground X: Demos album that was originally released on November 17, 2010 via Machine Shop and the LP Underground website. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;Linkin Park * Chester Bennington – vocals (except on tracks: 1, 4 and 5) * Rob Bourdon – drums, percussion (except on tracks: 4, 6 and 7) * Brad Delson - lead guitar (except on tracks: 4, 6 and 7) * Joe Hahn – turntablist, sampling, and programming (except on tracks: 6 and 7) * Mike Shinoda - vocals (except on track: 6), rhythm guitar (tracks: 1, 4, 9 and 10), keyboard * Dave "Phoenix" Farrell - bass guitar (except on tracks: 6, 7, and 8) ==References== ==External links== * Official Website Category:Albums produced by Mike Shinoda Category:2010 compilation albums Category:Linkin Park albums
4066026	A Bug's Land	"A Bug's Land" (stylized "a bug's land") was an area of Disney California Adventure themed after the 1998 Disney·Pixar film A Bug's Life. The land consisted of Flik's Fun Fair, which opened on October 7, 2002, and was set in a representation of the film's fictional universe with four rides targeted towards young children; Flik's Flyers, Francis' Ladybug Boogie, Tuck and Roll's Drive 'Em Buggies, and Heimlich's Chew Chew Train. The area also included a water play area targeted towards young children. An outside area contained the It's Tough to Be a Bug! theater, which was an original area of the park when it opened on February 8, 2001. ==History== It's Tough to Be a Bug! and Bountiful Valley Farm were original attractions at Disney California Adventure when the park opened on February 8, 2001; both were originally part of the sprawling "Golden State" area. The park suffered from low attendance in its early years, partially attributed to the lack of rides appropriate for young children and the low proportion of E ticket attractions to stores and restaurants. In response, Disney announced it would concurrently build The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror – a recreation of an attraction at Disney's Hollywood Studios – in the Hollywood Pictures Backlot; and Flik's Fun Fair – a collection of four rides and a water play area geared towards children and themed to the movie A Bug's Life – adjacent to the existing It's Tough to Be a Bug! theater. The fictional backstory for Flik's Fun Fair holds that Flik and the other bugs were inspired to create their own fun fair when Disney's California Adventure opened next door to them. When the Imagineers set out to build The Twilight Zone Tower of Terror, they discovered the bugs in the garden and decided to open up Flik's fair to park guests. left|thumb|175x175px|A Bug's Land in 2015 Flik's Fun Fair opened on October 7, 2002, and became part of A Bug's Land, the new name for the collection of A Bug's Life-related attractions. Concurrently, Its Tough to Be a Bug! and Bountiful Valley Farm were transferred from Golden State to A Bug's Land, and the area's store was re-themed with more focus on the film's characters. In 2010, Bountiful Valley Farm as well as the area's shops and restaurants were closed and demolished; their site is now part of Cars Land, which opened on June 15, 2012. With the construction of Cars Land, two new entrances from Hollywood Land and Cars Land to the Flik's Fun Fair area were opened; the area originally had one entrance. On March 20, 2018, it was announced that A Bug's Land would close permanently, as the land became the site for Avengers Campus. It's Tough to Be a Bug! closed one day earlier, while the remainder of the land closed on September 4, 2018. Tributes to A Bug's Land can be found in Avengers Campus. Enlarged Christmas lights are seen hanging at the Pym Tasting Lab, and in the pre-show of Web Slingers: A Spider-Man Adventure, there is a claw machine with numerous items. One of the items included is a pair of 3D glasses from It's Tough to Be a Bug!. In addition, there is a tribute to Bountiful Valley Farm on the labels of the enlarged ketchup and mustard bottles found inside the Pym Test Kitchen. ==Attractions at the time of closure== The following attractions were open at the time of A Bug's Land's closure in 2018. ===Flik's Flyers=== Flik's Flyers was a spinner ride at "Flik's Fun Fair" inside A Bug's Land at Disney California Adventure Park at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California. Guests rode in Flik's bug-made contraption fashioned from man-made objects. The vehicles appeared to have been fashioned from used food containers and have been stitched together by leaves and twigs to become balloons that whirled around a pie plate centerpiece. Whirring, cranking gears are heard as they leave the ground. The attraction provided guests with a view of Guardians of the Galaxy – Mission: Breakout!. Flik's Flyers was similar to Blowfish Balloon Race at Tokyo DisneySea. After the attraction's closure, it was re-themed into Inside Out Emotional Whirlwind, inspired by Pixar's Inside Out, and relocated to the Pixar Pier area of the park. ===Heimlich's Chew Chew Train=== Guests boarded a train in the shape of Heimlich, the German-accented caterpillar from the film. Heimlich (voiced by Joe Ranft) narrated the ride through speakers along the track. Heimlich's tendency to overeat was the theme of the ride, as the train appears to eat through oversized portions of human foods: candy corn, animal crackers, carrots, and watermelon. The scent of watermelon and animal crackers were piped in. After the ride closed in 2018, one of the cars from the attraction was moved to the headquarters of Pixar Animation Studios in memory of Ranft, who died in 2005. In addition, some of the attraction's audio of Heimlich was reused for Heimlich's Candy Corn Toss, one of the boardwalk games located in Pixar Pier. ===Francis' Ladybug Boogie=== Francis' Ladybug Boogie was a spinning attraction and first opened in 2002, along with the rest of A Bug's Land. Guests boarded one of the six Francis Lady bugs with up to six adults and children aboard each bug. The ride spun guests around in a figure eight style. The theme of the ride was the character Francis from the Disney·Pixar film A Bug's Life. The ride featured jazz music as guests are spun around to the music. ===Princess Dot Puddle Park=== Princess Dot's Puddle Park was a water-type play area designed by Walt Disney Imagineering located inside of A Bug's Land section of Disney California Adventure. The area featured an oversized garden hose nozzle that sprayed water at guests as well as a giant spigot that spurted water. This area provided the sensation of being a bug among the oversized garden tools. ===Tuck and Roll's Drive 'Em Buggies=== Tuck and Roll's Drive 'Em Buggies was a bumper car ride located inside of the A Bug's Land section of Disney California Adventure. In the attraction, up to two people could fit inside a bug-shaped bumper car, as they rode around bumping other cars. There were restrictions on who could drive the car. If riding alone, the driver must have been seven years or older. There was also a height restriction on this ride; all riders had to be at least 36 inches (91 cm) tall. There were a total of 21 bumper cars on the floor at a time. During the ride the car talked to the guests with the voices of pill bugs Tuck or Roll, depending on the assigned car. ==Other former attractions== * Bountiful Valley Farm ** Farmer's Market ** Sam Andreas Shakes ** P.T. Flea Market (originally Santa Rosa Seed & Supply) * It's Tough to Be a Bug! ==References== ==External links== *Walt Disney World Resort - It's Tough to be a Bug! * Category:Themed areas in Walt Disney Parks and Resorts Category:Disney California Adventure Category:2002 establishments in California Category:2018 disestablishments in California
40705198	A Batalha do Passinho	A Batalha do Passinho (Portuguese: "Passinho Battle", lit. "The Battle of Passinho"; English release title Passinho Dance-Off) is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film directed by Emílio Domingos. The film follows a dance known as "passinho", which emerged from the funk carioca scene in the early 2000s. == Synopsis == The style of dancing which developed in the favelas of Rio de Janeiro and is known as passinho evolved out of the funk carioca culture. After a video of a group of friends at a barbecue, Passinho Foda, received four million hits on YouTube, dancers from other communities began to upload their own home-made clips, and the dance quickly spread across Rio de Janeiro. The documentary shows the dancers and the phenomenon expanding beyond the bailes, slums and DJs. ==See also== *Battle of the year ==References== Category:2012 films Category:2010s Portuguese-language films Category:Brazilian documentary films Category:Documentary films about dance Category:Films shot in Rio de Janeiro (city)
408890	A Delicate Balance (play)	A Delicate Balance is a three-act play by Edward Albee, written in 1965 and 1966.Gussow, Mel. Edward Albee: A Singular Journey, New York: Simon and Schuster, 1999, pp. 250–251. Premiered in 1966, it won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1967, the first of three he received for his work. The uneasy existence of upper-middle-class suburbanites Agnes and Tobias and their permanent houseguest, Agnes' witty and alcoholic sister Claire, is disrupted by the sudden appearance of lifelong family friends Harry and Edna, fellow empty nesters with free-floating anxiety, who ask to stay with them to escape an unnamed terror. They soon are followed by Agnes and Tobias's bitter 36-year-old daughter Julia, who returns home following the collapse of her fourth marriage. ==Productions== The original Broadway production, directed by Alan Schneider, opened at the Martin Beck Theatre on September 22, 1966, and closed on January 14, 1967, after 132 performances and 12 previews. The cast included Hume Cronyn as Tobias, Jessica Tandy as Agnes, Rosemary Murphy as Claire, Henderson Forsythe as Harry, Carmen Mathews as Edna, and Marian Seldes as Julia. The scenic design was by William Ritman, costumes by Theoni V. Aldredge, and lighting by Tharon Musser."'A Delicate Balance' 1966" ibdb.com, accessed November 20, 2015 A revival produced by Lincoln Center Theater at the Plymouth Theatre opened on April 21, 1996, and ran for 185 performances and 27 previews. It was directed by Gerald Gutierrez, and starred Rosemary Harris as Agnes, George Grizzard as Tobias, John Carter as Harry, Elizabeth Wilson as Edna, Elaine Stritch as Claire, and Mary Beth Hurt as Julia. The production won the Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play, as well as Tony Awards for Grizzard and Gutierrez, and the Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play. A 1973 film adaptation was directed by Tony Richardson for the short- lived American Film Theater series. It starred Katharine Hepburn, Paul Scofield, Lee Remick, Joseph Cotten, and Kate Reid. A production previewed in the West End at the Theatre Royal Haymarket from October 15, 1997, opened on October 21, 1997, and closed on April 4, 1998. It starred Eileen Atkins as Agnes, Maggie Smith as Claire, John Standing as Tobias, Annette Crosbie as Edna, Sian Thomas as Julia, and James Laurenson as Harry. Atkins won the Evening Standard Theatre Award for Best Actress for the play in 1998.A Delicate Balance albemarle-london.com A 2011 revival was presented at the Almeida Theatre in Islington, London, directed by James Macdonald. The cast included Lucy Cohu (Julia), Diana Hardcastle (Edna), Ian McElhinney (Harry), Tim Pigott-Smith (Tobias), Imelda Staunton (Claire), and Penelope Wilton (Agnes). A Delicate Balance was produced in 2013 at the McCarter Theater, with Edward Albee attending rehearsals and contributing minor rewrites. It featured Kathleen Chalfant as Agnes, John Glover as Tobias, and was directed by Emily Mann. Sets were designed by Daniel Ostling, costumes by Jennifer von Mayrhauser, and lighting by Lap Chi Chu.Gates, Anita. "In a Suburban Home, Some Unwelcome Guests". New York Times, February 1, 2013Saltzman, Simon. "Review: A Delicate Balance" U.S. 1 Newspaper (princetoninfo.com), January 30, 2013 A new revival directed by Pam MacKinnon ran on Broadway at the John Golden Theatre. Previews began on October 20, 2014, and it officially opened on November 20, 2014. Its last performance was February 22, 2015.Purcell, Carey. "'A Delicate Balance', With Glenn Close, John Lithgow, and Martha Plimpton, Concludes Broadway Run Today" Playbill, February 22, 2015 The cast featured Glenn Close as Agnes, John Lithgow as Tobias, Martha Plimpton as Julia, Lindsay Duncan as Claire, Bob Balaban as Harry and Clare Higgins as Edna.Hetrick, Adam. "Glenn Close, John Lithgow and Martha Plimpton Set for Broadway Return in Edward Albee's 'A Delicate Balance' " Playbill, May 15, 2014 ==Plot== ===Act I === Agnes, an upper-class woman in her late 50s, discusses the possibility of losing her mind. Agnes exclaims that although she is astonished by her own thoughts of madness, it is her sister, Claire, who lives with them, who astonishes her the most. Claire appears and apologizes to Agnes that her own nature is such to bring out in her sister the full force of her brutality. Claire senses that Tobias and Agnes's daughter Julia might be going on her fourth divorce and predicts that Julia will be coming home shortly. Agnes reenters, announcing that Julia is coming home. Tobias then tells the story of a cat that he once had. There is a knock on the door. Harry and Edna, Agnes and Tobias's best friends, arrive and ask if they can stay there. They have been frightened by something intangible. ===Act II === Agnes and Julia are discussing the fact that Harry and Edna are occupying Julia's old bedroom. Harry and Edna have spent the entire day in the room. Julia whines to Tobias next about not having her room. Claire enters and chides Julia about her new divorce. Julia teases Claire back about her drinking. After asking Tobias for a drink, she announces that “there is no point in pressing” the issue of Harry and Edna. At the end of scene 1, Harry and Edna appear with their coats over their arms. They announce they are going home but will return with their suitcases. Scene 2 opens with Julia and Agnes alone after dinner. Julia is disgusted with her mother's desire to control everyone's conversations and emotions. Agnes retorts, “There is a balance to be maintained...and I must be the fulcrum.” Agnes and Tobias leave to help Harry and Edna unload their suitcases from their car. Edna enters and tells Julia that it is time for her to grow up. Julia reminds Edna that she is a guest in the house, and Edna responds that she and Harry are Agnes and Tobias's best friends. When Harry enters, he goes to fix everyone a drink at the bar. Julia blocks him from the bar and insists that he stay away from it. Julia yells “I WANT...WHAT IS MINE!” and leaves the room. Agnes reminisces about the death of her son. She suspects that Tobias has been unfaithful, and asks Harry and Claire to confirm it, but they both deny it. After Tobias attempts to excuse Julia as being in hysterics, Julia reappears with a gun in her hand. She insists that Harry and Edna leave. Edna declares, “We have rights here. We belong,” and insists that she and Harry are staying there forever, “if need be.” ===Act III === Tobias has stayed up all night, and is making himself a morning cocktail. Agnes comes down from her room. She tells Tobias that it is his role to make all the decisions with regards to what to do about Edna and Harry. She reminds Tobias of the time when he prevented her from getting pregnant after the death of their son. Claire, Julia, Tobias, and Agnes all discuss their versions of why Harry and Edna are there and what they should do about it. Harry and Edna join them, and everyone in the room is drinking. Edna announces that Harry wants to talk to Tobias alone, and the women exit. Harry tells Tobias that if the circumstances were reversed, he and Edna don’t think they would allow Tobias and Agnes to live at their house in spite of the fact that they are best friends. Harry asks Tobias, “You don’t want us, do you, Toby?” Tobias answers that he does not really want Harry and Edna to stay there but that Harry and Edna have the right to be there because they are friends. He goes with Harry to get their suitcases and put them back in their car. Agnes says to Edna, “Everything becomes..too late, finally.” The play ends on Agnes's rumination that people sleep at night because they are afraid of the dark: “They say we sleep to let the demons out, to let the mind go raving mad, and when the daylight comes again... comes order with it.” ==Characters== ===Agnes=== Agnes is the main female character of the play. She is woman in her 50s, well off, and married to Tobias. She is also the mother of Julia and the sister of Claire. Agnes believes herself to be the fulcrum of the family, keeping everyone in balance. She often maintains this balance, or order, by not confronting issues, not taking a stand, and not processing emotions. She tries to keep the peace by not dealing with anything that might upset it. On the surface, Agnes is completely supportive of her husband Tobias. She looks to him to confirm her thoughts, and likewise, she confirms his. It is not until near the end of the play that she brings up issues that show cracks in her relationship with her husband. When the memory of the death of her son is brought to the surface of her thoughts, she reminisces about how difficult a time that was for her, a time when she questioned everything, including her husband's love and faithfulness to her. Although she feels as if she is the fulcrum, Agnes begins and ends the play on her musings of insanity. She wonders if she could just suddenly slip off into madness and what that would be like. She wonders what her husband would do if that happened. Would she be an embarrassment to him? Embarrassment is a very large issue with Agnes. She is easily embarrassed by her sister Claire, who Agnes believes has wasted her life and her potential. When Claire insists that she is not an alcoholic, Agnes states sarcastically, “that’s very nice.” Then she lists times that Claire has vomited, fallen down, and called from the club to have someone come and get her. She concludes this commentary with the words: “If we change for the worse with drink, we are an alcoholic.” Agnes's relationship with her daughter Julia does not fare much better. Julia also embarrasses her mother. When Julia becomes hysterical, Tobias asks Agnes to go talk to their daughter. Agnes's response is “I haven’t the time.” Instead of empathizing with Julia, Agnes becomes more self-absorbed. She tells her husband that she has suffered far more than her daughter. This same self-absorption is apparent in all of Agnes's relationships. She easily becomes lost in self-pity and at the same time believes herself to be above everyone around her. If she is the fulcrum of the balance in the family, Albee portrays her as a very unstable one. Albee has admitted that the character of Agnes is based on his real-life adopted mother. ===Claire=== Claire is Agnes's younger sister. She claims that she is not an alcoholic but rather a willful drinker. Of all the characters in the play, whether it is due to the alcohol or not, Claire has the loosest tongue. She speaks her mind and is the least affected by social politeness. Claire lives with Agnes and Tobias and appears to have no means of support except for them. Her main role in life seems to be to annoy and embarrass her sister. She is everything that Agnes dislikes. Claire makes the statement, after telling Tobias that he would be better off if he killed Agnes, Julia, and herself, that she will never know whether she wants to live until Agnes is dead. With this statement, Albee makes it sound as if Claire holds Agnes up as a role model, a model that she has never been able to reach. And instead of trying to reach it, she has done everything to live her life in a diametrically opposed manner. Claire's relationship with Julia is closer than her relationship with anyone else. She and Julia identify with one another in their roles as the “other”—people on the periphery of Tobias's and Agnes's lives. Claire and Julia are the rebels, the failures, the embarrassments that must be tolerated. When Julia arrives home, Claire greets her more honestly, more warmly than do Julia's parents. Despite Claire's open disdain for her sister, she has never told Agnes about Tobias's affair. It is not clear if she does this out of love or out of spite. She keeps the affair a secret, almost as if she has a hidden weapon that she protects in case she may have to use it one day. When Agnes comes right out and asks Claire to confirm her suspicions about Tobias, Claire's answer is, “Ya got me, Sis.” Shortly after this exchange, Agnes describes Claire in this way: “Claire could tell us so much if she cared to...Claire, who watches from the sidelines, has seen so very much, has seen us all so clearly...You were not named for nothing.” Claire is said to closely resemble Albee's aunt Jane, an alcoholic and frequent visitor to the Albee home. ===Edna=== Edna is Harry's wife. It is not clear if she is really Agnes's friend or if she and Agnes know one another only because their husbands are friends. Edna arrives one day at the door of Agnes and Tobias's home. She takes it for granted that they will let her and Harry stay there for however long it takes them to get over their unnamed fear. Despite the fact that the relationship between Edna and Agnes is not clear (their names are very similar), Edna sometimes takes on the role of mother to Julia. Although Edna's manner is dissimilar, her sentiments are comparable to Agnes's. Edna is not afraid to voice her opinions. Edna tells Julia that she is no longer a child and should take more responsibility for her life. She also declares that Julia no longer has rights in her parents’ house. Edna also confronts Agnes and tells her to stop making fun of her and her husband Harry. Although Edna may not be able to name the fear that has driven her out of her own house, she appears to be quite capable of naming the things that other people are doing wrong in their lives. But then again, it is Edna, in the end, who realizes that there are boundaries, even between friends. She understands that there are some boundaries that should not be pushed, some things that “we may not do...not ask, for fear of looking in a mirror.” And it is also through her reflection that the play resolves. Edna has looked into that mirror at the end of the play and has decided that if the tables were turned, if Agnes and Tobias had come to her, she would not have allowed them to stay at her house. ===Harry=== Harry is Edna's husband and Tobias's best friend. At one point in the past, Harry and Tobias, coincidentally, had an extramarital affair with the same young woman. Besides both having been businessmen and meeting at the same club, it is unclear what else Harry and Tobias have in common except that they have known one another for a long time and neither sleeps with his wife. Harry is something of a reflection of Tobias, but he is even more reserved. Of all the characters in this play, Harry speaks the least. And when he does speak, he is a man of few words with pauses around each one. He prefers to talk around things rather than going at them straight on. He also avoids questions, like when Agnes tries to find out why he and his wife have come to their home. Instead of giving Agnes an answer, he compliments the furnishings in Agnes's home. He also has the tendency to repeat himself; at one point he repeats the same line four times when he tries to explain how fear has driven his wife and him out of their home. It is Harry, in the end, who tells Tobias that he and Edna have decided to leave. Although Harry prompted the discussion with Edna about resolving the issue of staying at their friends’ house, it is implied that Edna made the decision and that Harry just delivered the message. ===Julia=== Julia is the 36-year-old daughter of Agnes and Tobias. Three times divorced, she has recently left her fourth husband, and has returned home. Her father calls her a whiner, and her mother has little time for her. Julia has set a pattern in her life of marrying for the wrong reasons and then divorcing and returning home. Her parents welcome her, although they make it clear that they wish she would establish an independent life of her own. Julia is the catalyst of the play. While the other characters either hide their emotions in alcohol or avoid confrontations by smothering their feelings in banal talk, Julia brings matters to the forefront. She has wants, and she demands that they be at least heard, if not satisfied. The most obvious thing that she wants in this play is her bedroom in her parents’ home. However, upon her return, she discovers that her room is being occupied by Edna and Harry, her parents’ so-called best friends. In her attempts to regain control of her bedroom, Julia makes everyone confront the issues of the play, namely defining relationships, wants, needs, and rights. At one point, Julia forces the issue first by having an emotional tantrum, then by upsetting the furniture and all the clothes in her bedroom, and finally by threatening everyone with a gun. Julia tends to put down her mother and commiserate with her mother's sister Claire. Julia acts as if she is Claire's friend until Claire points her finger at Julia and lets her know that Julia is as much a visitor in her parents’ home as Harry and Edna are. Julia, Claire, Harry, and Edna are portrayed as invaders in the lives of Agnes and Tobias. They all have their own reasons for needing to be there: None of them is able to make it alone in the outside world. Julia falls back on her childhood to claim her spot, even though she is nearing middle age. She has little empathy for the others who are also seeking comfort in the same house. The character of Julia is based on Barbara Lauder, one of Albee's cousins. ===Tobias=== Tobias is Agnes's husband and the father of Julia. He is a well-to-do, retired businessman. Although he is tolerant of people around him, he, like his wife, tends to avoid emotional topics. His tolerance toward his sister-in-law Claire is shown in his nonjudgmental attitude toward her drinking. Although he encourages her to return to Alcoholics Anonymous at one point in the play, he does not berate her for drinking. In some ways, he even encourages it or at least does not discourage it. There are a few subtle insinuations that Claire and Tobias might have at one time had an affair, but this is initially only alluded to by script directions that have Claire open her arms to Tobias in a “casual invitation”. Later in the play, Agnes asks Tobias (when he cannot sleep) if he went to Claire. Whether Tobias had an affair with Claire is not certain; however, his infidelity is. Claire knows about an affair that Tobias had with a young woman, but she has never told Agnes about it. Claire only uses the information to taunt Tobias. Some critics have suggested that the young anonymous woman with whom Tobias had the affair was actually Claire. Despite all this, Tobias appears secure in his marriage with Agnes, even though they have not shared the same bed for many years. Their marriage seems to have become something of a habit. Tobias shows very little affection to his wife except in the way that he reinforces her thoughts, giving her assurances, for instance, that she, of all people, should not worry about going mad. Tobias appears to be closer to his daughter than Agnes is. However, the degree of intimacy is not considerably greater. Tobias is the more concerned parent when Julia becomes hysterical, although he does nothing but ask Agnes to console her. It is Tobias who takes the gun away from his daughter, and it is Tobias to whom Julia apologizes for her outburst. If Agnes is the fulcrum, then Tobias is the energy behind the fulcrum that works at keeping a balance in this dysfunctional family. He constantly is asking people to talk more kindly about one another. Or, in the least, it is Tobias who keeps silent while fury flares around him. It is also Tobias who serves everyone drinks as if trying to soften the edges of their grievances with alcohol. It is Tobias's friend Harry (and his wife, Edna) who bring the play to its conclusion, forcing Tobias to define what friendship is all about. In the end, Tobias proclaims that friendship is not about wants but rather about rights. Tobias's friend Harry has the right to move into Tobias's house even if that is not what Tobias, or the rest of his family, wants. Contradicting this conclusion is the story concerning his cat that Tobias tells in the middle of the play. In this case, the cat wanted to be left alone. Tobias was uncomfortable with the cat's noncompliance, and eventually he hits the cat and then has the cat euthanised. But disregarding the cat, Tobias seems true to his definition of friendship. He has, after all, allowed his sister-in-law to live off him. He allows his 30-something daughter to continually move in and out of his house, and he tolerates his wife. He also tolerates his friend Harry's moving into his house uninvited. At the end of the play, Tobias questions Harry's efforts at friendship and honesty. Then he apologizes. Albee admits that the character of Tobias is based on his adopted father. ==Awards and nominations== ;Awards * 1967 Pulitzer Prize for Drama * 1967 Tony Award, Best Featured Actress in a Play (Seldes) * 1996 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Revival of a Play * 1996 Tony Award for Best Revival of a Play * 1996 Tony Award, Best Actor in Play (Grizzard) ;Nominations * 1967 Tony Award for Best Play * 1967 Tony Award, Best Actor in Play (Cronyn) * 1967 Tony Award, Best Actress in a Play (Murphy) * 1967 Tony Award, Best Direction of a Play * 1996 Tony Award, Best Actress in a Play (Harris) * 1996 Tony Award, Best Actress in a Play (Stritch) * 1996 Tony Award, Best Scenic Design (Beatty) * 1996 Tony Award, Best Costume Design (Greenwood) ==References== === Sources === * * ==Further reading== * ==External links== * * Category:1966 plays Category:Broadway plays Category:Drama Desk Award-winning plays Category:Plays by Edward Albee Category:Pulitzer Prize for Drama-winning works Category:Tony Award-winning plays Category:American plays adapted into films
4105566	A Day No Pigs Would Die	A Day No Pigs Would Die is a semi-autobiographical novel by Robert Newton Peck about Rob Peck, a boy coming of age in rural Vermont on an impoverished farm. Originally published in 1972, it is one of the first books to be categorized as young adult fiction, in addition to being Peck's first novel; the sequel, A Part of the Sky, was published in 1994. == Background == Robert Newton Peck was born on February 17, 1928, in Ticonderoga, New York to Frank Haven Peck and Lucile Dornburgh Peck, who may have had an interest in the tenets of Shakerism. He served as a machine-gunner in the 88th Infantry Division during World War II, and then upon returning home in 1947 enrolled in Rollins College. After graduating in 1953, Peck began taking courses at Cornell Law School, but never finished. He pursued multiple careers during his adult life, including working as a lumberjack, in a paper mill, and he even killed hogs. Eventually, Peck began working as an advertising scriptwriter for American Home Products. Peck had long believed that "the brutal truths of farm life survival are quite beautiful", and had wanted to write about them since he was eleven. It took him thirty-three years to do so. Peck starting publishing young adult novels at the age of forty-four, using the time he spent commuting to and from New York City – ten hours a week – to write; working this way, he produced the manuscripts for five young adult novels in just three years. A Day No Pigs Would Die was written over the course of three weeks and became Peck's first published work. == Plot summary == While skipping school one day, twelve-year-old Rob Peck finds himself assisting a neighbor's cow through the delivery of a pair of calves (and saving her life from her goiter). He is injured in the process but eventually recovers and the farmer whose animals he helped gives Rob a piglet. He names the piglet Pinky. Pinky quickly becomes Rob's best friend and closest companion save for his father, Haven, a butcher working to save money to pay off the Peck family's farm. Unfortunately, Pinky is barren and they eventually decide that they have to kill the piglet if it cannot bring the family any more piglets or profit. Robert hates his father when he kills Pinky but understands that his father is heartbroken as well. Rob's father, Haven, dies in his sleep a few months later and Rob discovers while doing random chores that his father had been trying to teach himself to write. == Main characters == * Robert Peck: The sheltered twelve-year-old narrator who learns to be a man from his pig-farmer father and his best friend, his pet pig Pinky. * Haven Peck: Rob's faux-Shaker father; a poor, illiterate farmer who wants to provide for his family and teach his son how to grow up right. * Pinky: A sow gifted to Rob in thanks for his helping Mr. Tanner's cow through a difficult birth. * Lucy Peck: Rob's caring, resilient mother who fears that her son is growing up too quickly. * Aunt Carrie: Lucy's older sister who lives with the Pecks and serves as a second mother to Rob. * Benjamin Tanner: A Baptist farmer who is a neighbor and friend to the Peck family. == Themes == A Day No Pigs Would Die, like many of Peck's books, draws from his childhood experiences, dealing with the maturation of children growing up in country settings in the early part of the twentieth century. The Peck family and their neighbors all farm and engage in animal husbandry, including butchering and preparing their own meat, and Rob's life is strongly limited by the isolation of his environment. An unexpected trip to the city of Rutland and how different it is from the world that Rob is used to is the central focus of chapters ten and eleven of the novel. The Peck family, living during Calvin Coolidge's presidency shortly before the beginning of the Great Depression, is poor, and it is their poverty that necessitates one of the tragedies of the book. Winter is unusually cold, the Pecks' apple orchard has produced a poor crop, and game is in short supply. Needing food and not having the money to care for a barren animal, Rob and Haven have to kill Pinky. The adults in the Peck family are illiterate, and Haven tells Rob that this inability has kept him from voting. Rob does well in school, however, and his family is supportive of his education, allowing a relative to tutor him when his English grades are low. When Rob exclaims that he wants to be just like his father, Haven responds, "No boy, you won't. You'll have your schooling. You'll read and write and cipher." Religion also plays a large part in this work. Rob and his family call themselves Shakers, although they appear to be only selectively following the tenets of this religion. Peck describes "Shakers who marry, live in nuclear families, read a Shaker 'bible,' and attend a Shaker church." Shakers, however, do not form into traditional family units or have a biblical text. Rob also tells Pinky about the ability of his Shaker namesake to commit acts of violence, which diverges from the Shaker commitment to pacifism, and Haven Peck places importance on earning the wealth to buy his farm, while Shakers were not permitted to own personal property. At first, Rob has a negative opinion of people who are not practicing Shakers, actually believing that being a Baptist would be worse than going to hell. He eventually questions and overcomes this prejudice as he learns that the Tanners, who are good neighbors and trusted friends to the Pecks, are actually Baptists. A Day No Pigs Would Die has been noted for not withdrawing from the harsh realities of birth and death, despite being written for children. From the first chapter, "readers begin to understand the value of life, the ever- present possibility of death, and the need for self-reliance". The book opens with Rob helping a cow through a bloody, difficult birth. He later has Pinky breed for the first time, in a graphic scene, and must then help his father butcher Pinky, after she proves to be barren and too costly for the family to keep if she cannot bear piglets for them to sell. And, in the closing chapters of the text, Haven Peck comes down with "an affection", sickens and dies, leaving Rob to arrange his funeral and then deal with the fact that, now thirteen, he must be considered a man for the sake of his family's continued welfare. == Reception == A Day No Pigs Would Die grossed $300,000 in its first four months in stores, drawing the attention of Twentieth Century Fox, who approached Peck about creating a film adaptation of the novel. It has received the Colorado Children's Book Award (1972) and has been named to several best books lists, including the ALA Best Books for Young Adults (1973), the Library of Congress Children's Books of the Year (1973), and the School Library Journal Best Books of the Year (1973). In 2005, it made the list of the top 1000 titles owned by Online Computer Library Center members, a list of "the intellectual works that have been judged to be worth owning by the 'purchase vote' of libraries around the globe". In a nationwide survey of English teachers and librarians conducted in 1976, A Day No Pigs Would Die, was one of only four books (Cormier's The Chocolate War, Zindel's The Pigman, and Hinton's The Outsiders were the other three) that was recommended more than four times. The Cleveland Plain Dealer said that A Day No Pigs Would Die is "a fantastic adventure, told simply and graphically, with echoes somehow of Mark Twain and of Stephen Vincent Benet". The New York Times claimed that "you'll find yourself caught up in the novel's emotion from the very opening scene which will grab you and not let you go...love suffuses every pages" and likened it stylistically to True Grit and Addie Pray. The Boston Globe deemed it "honest, moving, homely in the warm and simple sense of the word," and Jerry Weiss and James Alexander have agreed, calling it, respectively, "homespun culture at its finest" and "a bucolic gentle book". The School Library Journal said it shows "plenty of Yankee common sense and dry wit, and some pathos... [it is] for boys of this age and for the young of any age". And Newsweek declared that "reading this book is like sipping hot cider in front of a crackling potbellied stove. Every page is suffused with wit and charm and glowing with warmth." A Day No Pigs Would Die is an early book in the development of the adolescent literature genre. It was written during the second generation of young adult literature, so it was able to avoid what young adult novelist Richard Peck described as "an annoying pioneer period that coincided with the late 1960s in which a great many books were pretty cheap propaganda", that disappeared rapidly with the demise of the youth culture of the 1960s. Peck's novel is still being used in classrooms today, over forty years after its initial publication, because it combines aspects of literary form considered suitable for adult consumption with a sophisticated subject matter, making it a high level book that is easily approachable for lower level readers. == Censorship == A Day No Pigs Would Die has been a frequent target for censorship, coming in as 16th on the American Library Association's list of the books that were most often challenged in the 1990s. It has largely been censored because it has content that has been seen as sexually explicit and graphically violent, with specific complaint given to a pig breeding scene, which has been likened to a rape. Pinky "resists the male's advances—at one point sinking her teeth into his ear in protest. 'All part of courting,' says the sow's owner. 'Samson just got his face slapped. That's all.' In the scene that follows, the boar violently overpowers the sow and after being bruised, battered, and bloodied, she can't stop whining." However, the graphic nature of this scene may be meaningful particularly because it is explicit. MIT lecturer in Comparative Media Studies Amy Carleton notes that it gave her a means by which to have a conversation about consent with her child. Parents have objected to the book's "graphic and gory descriptions" of animals being bred, born, and dying, as well as to its including such "shocking content" as an unmarried couple cohabiting. Another complainant maintained that Peck was "trying to depict Shaker life but... really showing a perverted lifestyle as their norm." Others have protested that A Day No Pigs Would Die "appeals to the erotic and at times prurient mentality", and features "scenes of brutality". The book has also been targeted because it uses "objectionable" language, such as the words "damn" and "bitch". There has also been some concern that A Day No Pigs Would Die would have a negative influence on adolescent male readers, conditioning boys to view "violence and killing as a part of their initiation into the adult world". A Day No Pigs Would Die has been seen as a particularly vicious example of the young adult novel stereotype that boys become men only after committing an act of violence against an animal or another part of the natural world. Rob, after helping his father slaughter Pinky, is told that he now knows what it is to be a man, enforcing the idea that boys must pass into the "cult of the kill" in order to mature. == Sequel == Peck published a sequel, A Part of the Sky, in 1994. It picks up where A Day No Pigs Would Die leaves off, following Rob's decision to leave school in order to find employment so that he can pay for the farm and care for his mother and aunt, despite being only thirteen. A Part of the Sky was not as well received as its predecessor; the New York Times said that it "has the disconcerting effect of making us wonder whether we were wrong about the first book. Was it really so lugubrious and uplifting? Dare we go back? Don't worry. From the first page, A Day No Pigs Would Die pulls readers into its world and holds us fast with a combination of harsh realism, tenderness and laughter that sweeps to the heartbreaking ending." == References == Category:1972 American novels Category:Alfred A. Knopf books Category:American young adult novels Category:Novels set in the 1920s Category:Novels set in Vermont Category:1972 children's books Category:1972 debut novels
41070969	A Little Bit of Love (Andreas Johnson song)	"A Little Bit of Love" is a song written by Andreas Johnson and Peter Kvint, and performed by Andreas Johnson at Melodifestivalen 2007. The song participated in the semifinale in Gävle on 24 February 2007, heading directly to the finals inside the Stockholm Globe Arena on 10 March 2007, finishing second. On 5 March 2007 the single was released. The single peaked at third position at the Swedish singles chart, and became a major radio hit both at Sveriges Radio and the commercial stadions. The song also charted at Svensktoppen, entering the chart on 8 April 2007 on 2nd position.Svensktoppen - 4 April 2007 On 15 April 2007 the song topped the chart.Svensktoppen - 15 April 2007 On 19 August 2007 the song was at Svensktoppen for 20th and final time.Svensktoppen - 19 August 2007 before getting knocked out the upcoming week.Svensktoppen - 26 August 2007 ==Single track listing== #A Little Bit of Love #A Little Bit of Love (PJ Harmony Remix Version) ==Charts== Chart (2007) Peak position Swedish singles chartSweden charts 3 == References == Category:2007 singles Category:2007 songs Category:Andreas Johnson songs Category:English- language Swedish songs Category:Melodifestivalen songs of 2007 Category:Songs written by Peter Kvint Category:Songs written by Andreas Johnson Category:Warner Music Group singles
41075001	A Formula of Agreement	A Formula of Agreement is an ecclesiastical agreement between the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), Reformed Church in America, the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and the United Church of Christ, establishing full communion with each other. == Background == Beginning in 1962, under the sponsorship of the Lutheran World Federation and the Reformed World Alliance, representatives from the Lutheran Church in America, the American Lutheran Church, the United Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A., the Presbyterian Church in the U.S., the Reformed Church in America and the United Church of Christ met to discuss their differences and agreements regarding the doctrine of the Lord’s Supper.Klug, Eugene, The Springfielder Volume XXXVI, No. 2, September, 1972 “From Marburg Revisited to Princeton ‘72” http://www.ctsfw.net/media/pdfs/klugmarburgrevisited.pdf, pgs. 110 & 111 In 1966, the book Marburg Revisited, the title referring to the Marburg Colloquy of 1529, was published, claiming that “As a result of our studies and discussions we see no insuperable obstacles to pulpit and altar fellowship and, therefore, we recommend to our parent bodies that they encourage their constituent churches to enter into discussions looking forward to intercommunion and the fuller recognition of one another's ministries."Klug, Eugene, The Springfielder Volume XXXVI, No. 2, September, 1972 “From Marburg Revisited to Princeton ‘72” http://www.ctsfw.net/media/pdfs/klugmarburgrevisited.pdf, pg. 111 While a second round of dialogues between 1972 and 1974, made little progress, a third round (1981-1983) produced joint statements on the Lord’s Supper, justification and ministry, published in A Call To Action in 1984. Two years later, representatives reached the conclusion that the Reformed and Lutheran denominations recognize each other as churches that preach the Gospel and administer the sacraments in accordance to Christ’s command, recommendations which were adopted by the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) (which has come about due to a merger between the United Presbyterian Church in the U.S.A. and the Presbyterian Church in the U.S. in 1983) and the Reformed Church in America in 1986, and would be adopted by the United Church of Christ in 1989. For their parts, while the Association of Evangelical Lutheran Churches and the American Lutheran Church also adopted the resolutions in 1986, although the Lutheran Church in America was more reluctant to adopt the resolutions, recommending further dialogues."A History of Lutheran/Reformed Dialogues" https://www.rca.org/sslpage.aspx?pid=431 In 1988, the Association of Evangelical Lutheran Churches, the American Lutheran Church and the Lutheran Church in America merged to form the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America and at their constituting meeting, it was voted to continue discussions with the PCUSA, RCA and United Church of Christ, forming the Lutheran-Reformed Committee for Theological Conversations in order to discuss doctrinal condemnations in the Lutheran “Formula of Concord” and issues relating to Christology, the Lord’s Supper and predestination. The committee released their report “A Common Calling: The Witness of our Reformation Churches in North America Today” in 1992, which stated that there were no “church dividing differences” and unaminmously recommended > “That the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Presbyterian Church > (U.S.A.), the Reformed Church in America (RCA), and the United Church of > Christ (UCC) declare that they are in full communion with one another. In > the specific terms of full communion as they are developed in our study, > this recommendation also requires (1) that they recognize each other as > churches in which the Gospel is rightly preached and the sacraments rightly > administered according to the Word of God; (2) that they withdraw any > historic condemnation by one side or the other as inappropriate for the > faith and life of our churches today; (3) that they continue to recognize > each others' Baptism and authorize and encourage the sharing of the Lord's > Supper among their members; (4) that they recognize each others' various > ministries and make provision for the orderly exchange of ordained ministers > of Word and Sacrament; (5) that they establish appropriate channels of > consultation and decision-making within the existing structures of the > churches; (6) that they commit themselves to an ongoing process of > theological dialogue in order to clarify further the common understanding of > the faith and foster its common expression in evangelism, witness, and > service; (7) that they pledge themselves to living together under the Gospel > in such a way that the principle of mutual affirmation and admonition > becomes the basis of a trusting relationship in which respect and love for > the other will have a chance to grow.” "A History of Lutheran/Reformed > Dialogues" https://www.rca.org/sslpage.aspx?pid=434 (retrieved Nov. 13th, > 2013) These recommendations led to the production of several documents intended for study in the churches: A Common Discovery: Learning about the Churches of the Reformation in North America Today; Lutheran-Reformed Theological Reflections on Full Communion; and Glimpses: What Full Communion May Mean to You. Eventually, after some reluctance from those in the RCA about entering into full communion with the UCC due to issues regarding homosexuality, in 1997, A Formula of Agreement was adopted by the denominations. ==Content == The formulas affirm that the denominations are in full communion with each other. Full communion is defined as that the denominations > " * recognize each other as churches in which the gospel is rightly preached > and the sacraments rightly administered according to the Word of God; * > withdraw any historic condemnation by one side or the other as inappropriate > for the life and faith of our churches today; * continue to recognize each > other's Baptism and authorize and encourage the sharing of the Lord's Supper > among their members; * recognize each others' various ministries and make > provision for the orderly exchange of ordained ministers of Word and > Sacrament; * establish appropriate channels of consultation and decision- > making within the existing structures of the churches; * commit themselves > to an ongoing process of theological dialogue in order to clarify further > the common understanding of the faith and foster its common expression in > evangelism, witness, and service; * pledge themselves to living together > under the Gospel in such a way that the principle of mutual affirmation and > admonition becomes the basis of a trusting relationship in which respect and > love for the other will have a chance to grow." Noting overall theological disagreements in the past in their confessional documents, the formulas state that “as a consequence of doctrinal agreement, it is stated that the ‘condemnations expressed in the confessional documents no longer apply to the contemporary doctrinal position of the assenting churches’ " (Leuenberg Agreement, IV.32.b). Theologically, the biggest issue has been disagreements between the Lutherans and the Reformed stem from disagreements over the sacrament of the Lord’s Supper, with the Lutherans arguing that Christ is physically present in the elements, whereas the Reformed have argued that Christ is spiritually present. The formulas note that “the theological conversations acknowledged that it has not been possible to reconcile the confessional formulations from the sixteenth century with a ‘common language. . .which could do justice to all the insights, convictions, and concerns of our ancestors in the faith’ (A Common Calling, p. 49). However, the theological conversations recognized these enduring differences as acceptable diversities with regard to the Lord's Supper.” Citing the Leuenberg Agreement of 1973 made between several Lutheran and Reformed churches in Europe, it notes that: : "Lutheran and Reformed Christians agree that: In the Lord's Supper the risen Christ imparts himself in body and blood, given up for all, through his word of promise with bread and wine. He thereby grants us forgiveness of sins and sets us free for a new life of faith. He enables us to experience anew that we are members of his body. He strengthens us for service to all people. (The official text reads, 'Er starkt uns zum Dienst an den Menschen,' which may be translated 'to all human beings') (Leuenberg Agreement, II.2.15). When we celebrate the Lord's Supper we proclaim the death of Christ through which God has reconciled the world with himself. We proclaim the presence of the risen Lord in our midst. Rejoicing that the Lord has come to us, we await his future coming in glory (Leuenberg Agreement, II.2.16)” "A Formula of Agreement Between the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, the Presbyterian Church (USA), the Reformed Church in America, and the United Church of Christ on Entering into Full Communion on the Basis of A Common Calling" https://www.rca.org/sslpage.aspx?pid=434 (retrieved Nov. 13th, 2013) In regards to historical disagreements over double vs. single predestination, the formulas state that Reformed and the Lutherans can agree that salvation by grace alone through faith alone and that “Although Lutherans and Reformed have different emphases in the way they live out their belief in the sovereignty of God's love, they agree that ‘God's unconditional will to save must be preached against all cultural optimism or pessimism’ (A Common Calling, p. 54). It is noted that "‘a common language that transcends the polemics of the past and witnesses to the common predestination faith of Lutheran and Reformed Churches has emerged already in theological writings and official or unofficial statements in our churches’ (A Common Calling, page 55)”. ===Exchange of ministers === The Formula of Agreement allows for “an orderly exchange of ministers of word and sacrament” between the PCUSA, ELCA, UCC or RCA. A minister wishing to transfer to another denomination must be educated in their own tradition before transferring to a church in another tradition and it must be done at the invitation of the receiving church and with the consent of the sending church “A Formula of Agreement: the Orderly Exchange of Ministers of Word and Sacrament” (Office of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), 2000), pg. 3 http://images.rca.org/docs/ministry/FormulaOfAgreement.pdf , retrieved Nov. 14th, 2013 Each denomination has established procedures for allowing ministers from other denominations to serve in their denomination, and the agreement guarantees that each denomination’s polity will be respected."Orderly Exchange of Ministers" pg. 3 ==Controversy == The fellowship between the denominations has remained controversial. The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod has condemned the agreement, arguing that it jettisons the Lutheran confessional standards as laid out in the Book of Concord, as the Lutheran and the Reformed views of the supper are irreconcilable.The Formula of Agreement in Confessional Lutheran Perspective The Commission on Theology and Church Relations The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, 1999; retrieved November 22nd, 2013 www.lcms.org/Document.fdoc?src=lcm&id;=338 One of the other larger issues has to do with diverging stances on human sexuality, as the Reformed Church in America officially does not affirm homosexuality. Even as the Formula of Agreement was being drafted, some in the Reformed Church in America objected to the agreement with the United Church of Christ because of their more progressive stance on homosexuality. The ELCA's subsequent decision in 2009 to allow homosexuals to serve as clergy prompted some conservatives in the RCA to call for the RCA's withdrawal from the Formula of Agreement."Reformed Body Says Lutheran Gay Vote Does Not Impair Partnership" Lilian Kwon, The Christian Post. September 3, 2009, retrieved November 22nd, 2013 http://www.christianpost.com/news/reformed-body-says-lutheran-gay-vote-does- not-impair-partnership-40686/ While the RCA would not sever the ties with the ELCA, the 2010 General Synod of the RCA expressed their concern by the move of the Lutherans, two denominations eventually agreed to further dialogue about the issue."Reformed Church Agrees to Discuss ELCA's Pro-Gay Actions" Lilian Kwon, The Christian Post, June 15th, 2010, retrieved November 22nd, 2013 http://www.christianpost.com/news/reformed-church-agrees-to-discuss-elcas-pro- gay-actions-45560/ In 2012, an RCA classis in Michigan unsuccessfully made an overture to the General Synod to have the RCA withdraw from the Formula of Agreement."Acts and Proceedings" pg. 150 http://images.rca.org/docs/mgs/2012MGS-Complete.pdf 2013 saw the adoption of a paper by Formula Churches on Scripture and moral discernment, a paper in which the Disciples of Christ, the Moravian Church in North America and the Christian Reformed Church in North America took an advisory role in drafting."ELCA, Reformed Churches Issue Report on Scripture, Moral Discernment," January 10th, 2013, retrieved November 22nd, 2013 http://southernohiosynod.org/aws/SOS/pt/sd/news_article/68595/_PARENT/layout_details/false ==References== Category:Agreements
41086718	A Fair to Remember (Modern Family)	"A Fair to Remember" is the seventh episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 103rd overall. It was aired on November 13, 2013. The episode was written by Emily Spivey and directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller. ==Plot== The whole family, except for Haley (Sarah Hyland), heads to the school fair where everyone gets something to do. Gloria (Sofía Vergara) signed Jay (Ed O'Neill) up to be a fair cop; Manny (Rico Rodriguez) participates in the cake-baking competition; Alex (Ariel Winter) and Luke (Nolan Gould) fight for the same girl; Cam (Eric Stonestreet) worries about his work as a football coach; and Phil (Ty Burrell) and Claire (Julie Bowen) celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary. Phil and Claire celebrate their 20th wedding anniversary and they both want to surprise each other with their gifts. Claire, who has a tradition of making the worst gifts, this time has prepared a surprise for Phil at home and she tries to make him go back home. Phil, however, does not want to leave the fair, as he arranged with the band who plays at the fair to sing a song for her. Phil manages to keep Claire at the fair till the time that he would get on stage and sing for her, but his surprise is ruined when their pharmacist, Harold Grossman (Rick Cowling), gets on stage right before Phil is supposed to get and sings amazingly. Phil feels frustrated to learn that Claire has loved Harold's singing and does not want to sing anymore, so he goes back home with Claire who surprises him with Chinese acrobats. Phil loves Claire's gift, and Claire manages for the first time to give him a gift which is actually good. Manny participates in the cake-baking competition, something that Jay does not like since the only participants are old ladies and he believes that Manny does not fit there. Gloria, to get rid of Jay, signs him up to be a fair cop. Gloria, realizing later that Jay was right about Manny not fitting to the competition, decides to destroy Manny's cake so he will not be able to participate. When Manny sees the destroyed cake, he believes that one of the other contestants did it to exclude him from the competition. Meanwhile, Cam worries about his new job as a football coach since his team has not won a game till now. When one of his students' fathers threatens that he will pull his kid from the team if they do not start winning, Cam freaks out and he tries to intimidate his students to be better players. He finally finds what his team needs to win in Manny. Jay, as a fair cop, has to be partnered with some other guy named Derrick (Jordan Peele). The problem is that Derrick is the guy who he fought with few minutes earlier about a parking space. The two of them seem to get along though and they enjoy their duties as fair cops. Luke has a crush on a girl, Sienna (Madison McLaughlin), and he asks for Alex's help on how to approach her without telling her who the girl is. Alex agrees to help him but Sienna is also the girl who Alex wants to make her best friend. When Claire tells her that Sienna is the girl Luke has crush on, Alex tries to keep him away from her. Their fight in front of Sienna just scares her away. In the meantime, Haley stayed back home to enjoy Jay and Gloria's pool thinking that no one is home, but Andy (Adam DeVine) the nanny is home, baby-sitting Joe. They run into each other and Andy tells her that she can not use the pool since Jay and Gloria are not there. Haley does not care of what Andy says, and when she is lying next to the pool, Andy tries to collect proof that she was there. ==Cultural references== *The episode title references the film An Affair to Remember. *Harold Grossman sings Foreigner's "I Want to Know What Love Is". *Claire gave Phil a plate of Planet of the Apes for their anniversary. *Jay tells Manny that all bakers are girls, giving the examples of Betty Crocker, Mrs. Fields and Little Debbie. *Cam says casting Russell Crowe in Les Misérables was a bad decision. *R2-D2 is mentioned by Phil. *Hill Street Blues is referred to in the second-to-last line of the episode as the manny tells Jay to “be careful up there,” an homage to the line the sergent would say at the end of every briefing, “be careful out there.” ==Reception== ===Ratings=== In its original American broadcast, "A Fair to Remember" was watched by 10.75 million; up 0.43 from the previous episode. ===Reviews=== "A Fair to Remember" received mixed reviews. Leigh Raines of TV Fanatic rated the episode with 5/5 stating that she "always loves an episode that brings the whole family together". Madina Papadopoulos of Paste Magazine rated the episode with 8/10 saying that the episode "had a very classic theatrical structure" and the writing "was brilliantly executed". Britt Hayes from Screen Crush said that the episode was "all over the place and definitely could have benefited from trimming some of the plots down. This show falters when they try to cram too many stories into one episode, and always seems to shine when they have either a couple of solid A-plots and a B-plot, or a few plots that unify into one plot later on." Phil Dyess-Nugent from The A.V. Club gave a C+ rate to the episode. ==References== == External links == * * "A Fair to Remember" at ABC.com Category:Modern Family (season 5) episodes Category:2013 American television episodes Category:Television shows directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller
41252900	A Far Cry	A Far Cry is a Boston-based chamber orchestra. The orchestra is self-conducted and consists of 18 musicians called "The Criers". It was founded in 2007 by a group of 17 musicians in Boston. The orchestra rehearses in Jamaica Plain and has been the Chamber Orchestra in Residence at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum since 2009. A Far Cry has toured across America and undertook their first European tour in 2012. They also collaborate with local students in an educational partnership with the New England Conservatory. The orchestra has released nine albums, two of which have been nominated for Grammy Awards for Best Chamber Music / Small Ensemble Performance: Dreams & Prayers in 2015 and Visions and Variations in 2019. ==The Criers== Sharon Cohen, one of the orchestra's founding members, is an Israeli violinist with the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra in Tel Aviv. She has a Masters of Music degree from the New England Conservatory.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/sharon-cohen/ . Sarah Darling, is a violist and baroque violinist from Boston. She received her B.A. from Harvard College, spent a year at the Juilliard School and the Conservatorium van Amsterdam, and completed an Artist Diploma at the Hochschule fur Musik Freiburg as a recipient of the Beebe, Paine, and DAAD grants for study abroad. As of 2013, she is a doctoral student at the New England Conservatory with Kim Kashkashian. Omar Guey is a violinist from Brazil. He received a doctorate from Stony Brook University where he studied with Philip Setzer, Ani Kavafian, and Pamela Frank. He received his master's degree from the Juilliard School under Robert Mann, and a bachelor's degree from Manhattan School of Music under Sylvia Rosenberg. Miki-Sophia Cloud is a violinist who studied at Harvard College, Vienna Music University, Yale School of Music, and the Perlman Music Program. As of 2013, she is a doctoral student at the New England Conservatory. Michael Unterman is a cellist in the master's degree program at the New England Conservatory. He has studied at the New England Conservatory for four years, and in Barcelona, Spain for one year. Megumi Stohs Lewis is a violinist from Portland, Oregon. Her teachers include Camilla Wicks, Ian Swensen, Lucy Chapman, Roger Tapping, and Phoebe Carrai. Loewi Lin, one of the orchestra's founding members, is a Taiwanese-Canadian cellist. He attended the Cleveland Institute of Music, the University of Ottawa, and New England Conservatory. Liesl Schoenberger is a violinist and with bachelor's and master's degrees from Indiana University where she studied under Mimi Zweig and Mauricio Fuks and an Artist Diploma from Yale University where she studied under Ani Kavafian. As of 2013, she is a doctoral student at the New England Conservatory and teaching assistant to Lucy Chapman.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/liesl-schoenberger/ . Karl Doty is a bassist from Duluth, Minnesota. He received his bachelor's and master's degrees from the New England Conservatory. Jesse Irons is a violinist from Berlin, Vermont. He received his undergraduate and graduate degrees from Peabody Conservatory. Jason Fisher is a violist who grew up in Seattle. He received his bachelor's degree from Peabody Conservatory studying under Victoria Chiang and his master's degree from Longy School of Music studying under Roger Tapping. Jae Young Cosmos Lee is a violinist from Korea. Lee holds degrees from the University of Michigan, the Cleveland Institute of Music, and the New England Conservatory.Camerata New England, "Meet Camerata New England's Performers." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.cameratanewengland.org/jaeyounglee.html . Frank Shaw is a violist and a member of A Far Cry since 2007. He graduated from Interlochen Arts Academy, Cleveland Institute of Music and New England Conservatory.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/frank-shaw/. Erik Higgins is a bassist who graduated from Indiana University and moved to Munich for a two-year apprenticeship with the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/erik-higgins/. Courtenay Vandiver is a cellist who received her bachelor's degree from the New England Conservatory with Laurence Lesser, and her master's degree with Paul Katz.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/courtenay-vandiver/ . Ashley Vandiver is a violinist who received her bachelor's degree from the New England Conservatory and master's degree from the Royal Conservatory in the Netherlands. Her teachers include Vera Beths, James Buswell, Kennith Goldsmith and Laura Bossert.Irons, Jesse. A Far Cry, "A Far Cry." Accessed November 25, 2013. http://www.afarcry.org/ashley-vandiver/ . Annie Rabbat is a violinist from Chicago who received her bachelor's degree from Indiana University and her master's degree from the Juilliard School. After a year at Stony Brook University, she went to the New England Conservatory. Her teachers include Miriam Fried, Robert Mann, Pamela Frank, Ani Kavafian, and Phil Setzer. Alex Fortes is a violinist from San Diego and received degrees from Harvard College and Mannes College. His teachers include Mark Steinberg, Peter Zazofsky, Hernan Constantino, Mary Gerard, and Michael Gaisler. == Organization == The Criers take turns leading the ensemble, and are in no particular hierarchy. All members are simultaneously leaders and followers of the group.Weininger, David. "Modern music, Bach find common ground in A Far Cry." The Boston Globe, , sec. Classical Notes, November 28, 2013. https://www.bostonglobe.com/arts/music/2013/11/28/classical-notes-far-cry- gardner-museum/1S1ac6mPuOuu8AfZFO9zwI/story.html (accessed November 30, 2013). All members take turns being section leaders during rehearsal. The age range of the group is young, from 25-36 with varying backgrounds. With the exception of the cellists, all players stand while performing. The group's goal is "to wrestle the music they love back from the cultural baggage it's accumulated." They have been labelled "post-classical" music by being part of Judd Greenstein's Ecstatic Music Festival. == Programs == Their programs include music from various times periods, such as J.S. Bach, Heinrich Ignaz Franz Biber, Mozart, Elgar, Tchaikovsky, Bartók, Astor Piazzolla, Arvo Pärt, Steve Reich, and Osvaldo Golijov. In 2013, The New York Times described their playing as a "mixing solemn with snappy." Their works are usually a combination of older works with new works. As part of the resident ensemble of the Isabella Gardner Museum, they played a seven-concert series called the Avant Gardner series. This program focused on forward momentum and repeating patterns in music, with modern composers Andrew Norman, Christopher Theofanidis, Louis Andriessen, and the Baroque composer, Bach. == Performances and tours == A Far Cry has played with cellist Yo-Yo Ma, and toured across America and their debut tour in 2012 in Europe. They have also played from venues such as Calderwood Hall at the Gardner Museum, to Royale, a nightclub in Boston. They are currently on their seventh season. == Discography == * A Far Cry: Debut (2009) * Copland; Aldridge: Clarinet Concertos (2010) * Piazzolla (2011) * TRACER (2013) * The Mozart Sessions (2012) * The Law of Mosaics (2014) * Dreams & Prayers (2014) * Circles: Piano Concertos by Bach & Glass * Visions and Variations (2018) == References == == External links == * Category:American classical music groups Category:Musical groups from Boston Category:Musical groups established in 2007 Category:Chamber orchestras Category:2007 establishments in Massachusetts
41261707	A Gate Through the Past	A Gate Through the Past is the début full-length album by the Italian symphonic power metal band Holy Knights. It was first released in Japan on January 23, 2002 via Tokuma and re-released by Underground Symphony worldwide on June 5. ==Track listing== ==Background and production== Holy Knight was formed in 1998; their first demo recording, Gate Through the Past was released in December 1999 to positive reviews. Having signed a record deal with Underground Symphony in April 2000, the band entered the Zenith Recording studio in Lucca in early November; the recording was finished on December 20. ==Music== A Gate Through the Past's sound has been described as bombastic, with many compositions strongly influenced by neoclassical music, despite the fact that none of the band members had formal classical training. Elements of folk and baroque music are evident as well, contributing to the overall medieval atmosphere, while prominent orchestration and choirs add to the symphonic feel. The album was inspired by the fellow power metal bands Royal Hunt, Stratovarius and Rhapsody. When addressing the criticism of being a clone of the latter, the guitarist Danny Merthon and the drummer Claus Jorgen responded that they consider such comparison a compliment due to that band's artistic achievements. Furthermore, Merthon, the band's principle lyricist, stated to had been inspired by Thomas Malorys compilation Le Morte d'Arthur and the interplay between legends and reality. The album's main lyrical theme is a knight's quest, his dream and nightmare and the challenge of discerning good from evil. ==Credits== * Dario Di Matteo (as Mark Raven) – vocals, keyboards * Salvatore Graziano (as Danny Merthon) – guitars * Federico Madonia – guitars * Vincenzo Noto (as Syl Raven) – bass * Claudio Florio (as Claus Jorgen) – drums ==References== ==External links== * "Gate Through the Past" on Last.fm Category:2002 albums Category:Underground Symphony albums Category:Holy Knights albums
41301968	A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night	A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night ( ) is a 2014 Persian-language American Western horror film written and directed by Ana Lily Amirpour. Promoted as "The first Iranian vampire Western", it stars Sheila Vand, Arash Marandi, Mozhan Marnò, Marshall Manesh, and Dominic Rains. It was financed in part by a crowdfunding campaign on Indiegogo. A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night takes place in "the Iranian ghost-town Bad City" and depicts the doings of "a lonesome vampire". It was filmed in Taft, California, in black-and-white. It was chosen to show in the "Next" program of the 2014 Sundance Film Festival. ==Plot== A young, hardworking Iranian man named Arash lives with and takes care of his heroin-addicted father, Hossein. They are harassed by a cruel, drug-dealer pimp named Saeed, who seizes the young man's prized car in exchange for money the father owes him. In a crime of opportunity, Arash steals a pair of diamond earrings from the wealthy young woman he works for, Shaydah. Saeed comes across a strange young woman in a chador at night. She persuades Saeed to take her back to his apartment. While there, she grows long fangs and first bites off his finger, then goes for his neck, killing him. As she leaves, she passes by Arash, who has come to offer the earrings for his car. He finds Saeed dead, and takes back his car keys along with a suitcase of drugs and cash. Arash decides to sell the drugs, allowing him to quit his job working for Shaydah. Later, he goes to a costume party at a night club dressed up as Dracula, where he is persuaded by Shaydah into taking one of the ecstasy pills he is selling. Under the influence, he becomes disoriented, and ends up lost at night on the street. The woman with the chador spends her time listening to music alone in her apartment, skateboarding, or bedeviling pedestrians at night, until she comes across the lost Arash. He shows vulnerability and compassion, and she takes him to her home, where they listen to music, and she resists his exposed neck. They meet the next night, and she says that he does not know the terrible things she has done. He is unfazed, gives her the earrings and – at her request – pierces her ears with a safety pin, but she eventually leaves. Atti, a prostitute who worked for Saeed, is followed at night by the woman, and they retreat to the prostitute's apartment. The woman gives Atti the payment Saeed owed her. They have a conversation during which the woman realizes that Atti no longer remembers what it is to desire. She leaves. Suffering from heroin withdrawal, Hossein has an episode where he believes that Arash's cat is his dead wife. Infuriated by his father, Arash gives him drugs and money and throws him out, telling him to take the cat with him. Hossein goes to Atti and forces her to take heroin with him. They are found by the woman, who kills Hossein. After Atti helps her dispose of Hossein's body, she tells the woman to take the cat and leave. The following morning, Arash discovers Hossein's body. Distressed, he runs to the apartment of the woman and begs her to run away with him. As she is gathering up her things, the cat appears and Arash realizes that she had something to do with his father's death. Arash and the woman drive off together but he pulls off to the side of the road, angry and undecided about what to do. He eventually gets back in the car and the two continue their trip onwards. ==Cast== * Sheila Vand as The Girl * Arash Marandi as Arash * Marshall Manesh as Hossein * Dominic Rains as Saeed * Mozhan Marnò as Atti * Rome Shadanloo as Shaydah * Masuka as the cat == Themes == Director Ana Lily Amirpour, regarding the mythology of the vampire, has stated that: "A vampire is so many things: serial killer, a romantic, a historian, a drug addict – they're sort of all these things in one." The film examines these facets of a vampire as described by Amirpour in a variety of ways. The film's protagonist, The Girl, is a sort- of antihero vigilante with a taste for bad men. As a vampire, she is able to roam the streets at night without being concerned for her safety, subverting the implications of the film's title. She is the perpetrator, not the victim, and possesses agency and power that would not be typically reserved for her in an environment such as Bad City. In this way, the film has feminist leanings. Rockabilly, a gender-bending, minor background character who exists on the fringe of Bad City throughout the duration of the movie, acts as a silent observer to the events around them. Director Amirpour states, "If there's one political thing [in the film], it's not the chador, it's Rockabilly, because it's not okay to be gay in Iran." ==Production== An early short film with the same title from Amirpour screened at festivals and won Best Short Film at the Noor Iranian Film Festival. An Indiegogo campaign was launched in July 2012 to fund the feature-length version of the film. On August 27, 2012, the campaign's goal of $55,000 was surpassed. The project ended up with a total sum of $56,903 raised by 290 backers. A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night was shot over the course of twenty-four days, in the town of Taft in Kern County in Southern California. This allowed Amirpour to not be constrained by the restrictions of filming in Iran, which include having to obtain a filming permit and facing content censorship, such as the prohibition of almost all depictions of physical romantic love. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2014. In an interview with MovieMaker, Amirpour spoke regarding her relationship with filmmaking: > People ask me, "Why did you make A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night?" My > answer is that I was lonely—that's why. But taking that a step further, the > truth is that I make films to make friends and find real intimacy; a > connection with others based on something that's meaningful to me. The > people who make these films with you, your cast and crew—it's like they're > on a vision quest with you. That is an incomparable experience. And then > when the film is done and out there, the people who are attracted to your > film—the audiences, festivals that embrace it, other filmmakers, artists, > the critics who like what you do—those are my friends. And I don't expect to > be friends with everyone. Amirpour is a lifelong skater, and was a stand-in for the skateboarding sequences present in the film. ==Style== The film is directed and imagined by Amirpour with cinematography by Lyle Vincent. Its style is clearly inspired by Spaghetti Westerns like those of Sergio Leone, featuring a mysterious, lone, antihero with a vigilante streak. However, the genre is reimagined with a female lead, and is a hybrid spaghetti Western-vampire film. As a vampire film it serves as an homage to its legacy of predecessors especially the 1922 German Expressionist film Nosferatu. Echoes of the film are seen in the choice of shooting in black-and-white, the use of shadows, and the minimal dialogue. The film's dialogue is entirely in Persian, and the film blends elements of Iranian culture with the spaghetti Western-vampire imagery described above. The film was shot digitally with anamorphic lenses, which Amirpour and Vincent selected in an effort to emphasize the bleak, otherworldly atmosphere of the film. Amirpour has stated that graphic novels are a major source of inspiration for her. The visual language of the film is not unlike that of a comic book, with its "high-contrast monochrome aesthetic". Additionally, Bad City, the fictional location in which the film is set, may perhaps be a nod to Frank Miller's Sin City. Amirpour has said that she had her actors watch Nosferatu and many spaghetti Westerns in preparation for their roles. She has also said that "every piece of the story, every character, every costume, every bit of music" is something that she "love[s] to the point of obsession." == Soundtrack == A limited-edition vinyl pressing of the soundtrack, and accompanying album art, was released by Death Waltz Records in January 2014. ==Reception== The film received positive reviews from critics. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 96% based on 135 reviews, with an average rating of 8/10. The website's critics consensus reads, "A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night blends conventional elements into something brilliantly original – and serves as a striking calling card for writer-director Ana Lily Amirpour." Guy Lodge of Variety said in his review that "Ana Lily Amirpour's auspicious debut feature is a sly, slinky vampire romance set in an imaginary Iranian underworld". Andrew O'Hehir of Salon called the film "the year's biggest discovery" and praised its feminist themes. Boyd van Hoeij, in his review for The Hollywood Reporter, praised the film, saying "this moody and gorgeous film is finally more about atmosphere and emotions than narrative and none the worse for it". Drew Taylor of IndieWire graded the film A− and said that it gives "the impression that you're witnessing something iconic and important unfold before you". ==Adaptations== The film was adapted into a six-part graphic novel series published by Radco in 2014. The series explores The Girl's backstory with art from Michael DeWeese. Belgian band the Black Heart Rebellion created an alternative soundtrack for the film, played it live several times with the film screening in the background and released it as an album in 2018. ==References== ==External links== * * * * * Category:2014 films Category:2014 directorial debut films Category:2014 horror films Category:2014 independent films Category:2014 Western (genre) films Category:2010s American films Category:2010s feminist films Category:2010s Persian-language films Category:2010s supernatural horror films Category:2010s Western (genre) horror films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American feminist films Category:American independent films Category:American supernatural horror films Category:American vampire films Category:American Western (genre) horror films Category:Asian-American horror films Category:Films about dysfunctional families Category:Films about heroin addiction Category:Films about prostitution in Iran Category:Films directed by Ana Lily Amirpour Category:Films set in Iran Category:Films shot in California Category:Indiegogo projects Category:Iranian-American films Category:Neo- Western films Category:Skateboarding films Category:Vice Films films
4136530	A Bay of Blood	A Bay of Blood (Italian: Ecologia del delitto, lit. "Ecology of Crime", later retitled Reazione a catena [lit. "Chain Reaction"]) (also known as Carnage, Twitch of the Death Nerve and Blood Bath) is a 1971 Italian giallo slasher film directed by Mario Bava. Bava co-wrote the screenplay with Giuseppe Zaccariello, Filippo Ottoni, and Sergio Canevari, with story credit given to Dardano Sacchetti and Franco Barberi. The film stars Claudine Auger, Luigi Pistilli, Brigitte Skay, Nicoletta Elmi and Laura Betti. Carlo Rambaldi created the gruesome special make-up effects. The story details a string of mysterious murders that occur around the titular bay. Widely considered Bava's most violent film, its emphasis on graphically bloody murder set pieces was hugely influential on the slasher film subgenre that would follow a decade later. In 2005, the magazine Total Film named A Bay of Blood one of the 50 greatest horror films of all time. == Plot == At night in her bayside mansion, wheelchair-using Countess Federica Donati is attacked and strangled to death by her husband, Filippo Donati. Moments later, Filippo himself is stabbed to death by an assailant, and his corpse is then dragged to the bay. Upon investigation, the police find what they believe to be a suicide note written by the Countess, but Filippo's murder goes undiscovered. Real estate agent Frank Ventura and his lover Laura plot to take possession of the bay. After the Countess refused to sell her home and property to them, the couple hatched a scheme with Filippo to murder his wife. To finalize their plan, Ventura needs Filippo's signature on a set of legal documents. They have no idea, however, that Filippo himself has been killed. Their curiosity piqued by news of the murder, four local teenagers Duke, Bobby, Denise, and Brunhilde break into the seemingly deserted mansion and are murdered. Brunhilde skinny dips at the lake, then is chased and has her throat slit with a billhook. Bobby has his face split open with the same billhook. Duke and Denise are both impaled with a spear while having sex. The Countess's illegitimate son Simon, who lives on the grounds in a separate shack, is the killer. After killing Filippo, he is now conspiring with Ventura, who offers Simon a huge cash pay- off to sign the relevant legal documents. Their scheme is dealt a potentially ruinous blow when Filippo's estranged daughter Renata appears, determined to ensure that her father's estate comes into her possession. A search for a will proves unsuccessful, and Ventura, who believes that Renata may be the rightful beneficiary, urges Simon to kill his stepsister. Accompanied by her husband Albert and leaving their young son and daughter in a caravan nearby, Renata visits the house of Paolo Fossati, an entomologist living on the grounds of the Donati estate. Fossati's wife, Anna, tells them that Filippo was responsible for the Countess's death and says that Simon will probably end up with the property. Renata, unaware that she had a stepbrother, makes plans with her husband to murder Simon. After discovering Filippo's mangled and rotting corpse on Simon's boat, Renata and Albert head to Ventura's house. Upon their arrival, Ventura attacks Renata, but Renata gains the upper hand and stabs Ventura with a large pair of scissors in his femoral artery. Paolo Fossati, who witnesses the assault, attempts to telephone the police but is confronted by Albert, who strangles him to death with the phone's cord. Renata decapitates Anna with an ax to ensure there are no additional witnesses. Ventura's partner Laura arrives, planning to meet up with him. When Simon discovers that it was the pair who had plotted with Filippo to kill his mother, he strangles Laura to death. No sooner has he exacted his revenge than Simon himself is murdered by Albert. The wounded Ventura reappears, but Albert kills him after a brief struggle. Knowing there are now no other living heirs, Albert and Renata prepare to return home to await the announcement of their inheritance when they are shot dead from the caravan by their son, who has mistaken their shotgun for a toy. The son and daughter think that their parents are playing dead and rush off outside to play along the bay. == Cast == * Claudine Auger as Renata Donati * Luigi Pistilli as Alberto (Albert in the English version) * Claudio Volonté as Simone (Simon) * Laura Betti as Anna Fossati * Leopoldo Trieste as Paolo Fossati (Paul Fossati) * Isa Miranda as Countessa Federica Donati * Chris Avram as Franco Ventura (Frank Ventura) * Anna Maria Rosati as Laura * Brigitte Skay as Louise (Brunhilde) * Paola Montenero (as Paola Rubens) as Sylvie (Denise) * Guido Boccaccini as Luca (Duke) * Roberto Bonanni as Roberto (Bobby) * Giovanni Nuvoletti as Count Filippo Donati * Renato Cestiè as Son * Nicoletta Elmi as Daughter == Production == The genesis of A Bay of Blood was when producer Dino De Laurentiis heard that Dardano Sacchetti, screenwriter of the popular The Cat o' Nine Tails, had fallen out with the film's director Dario Argento. He contacted Sacchetti and persuaded him to collaborate with director Mario Bava on a giallo film. Sacchetti and Bava got along well, and together came up with a story in which two parents commit murder to secure a better future for their children. In this early version of the story, the parents are driven to commit one murder after another in a chain reaction, becoming so caught up in their plan that they abandon their children for several days. When they return home, the starving and terrified children kill them. The thirteen murders were conceived as isolated sequences, with no initial idea of how they would fit into the story; Sacchetti credits Bava with the idea of two people being killed with a spear while making love and himself with the idea of a woman being killed in her wheelchair. Sacchetti wrote the first draft of the script, titled Cosi imparano a fare i cattivi ("That Will Teach Them to Be Bad") after a line spoken by the children after killing their parents, with his writing partner Franco Barbieri. However, spectacular arguments with Bava and the production team led to Barbieri being fired, and Sacchetti quit as an act of solidarity with his partner. De Laurentiis, disenchanted when The Cat o' Nine Tails failed to recreate its domestic popularity when released abroad, also abandoned the project. Bava, owing a massive amount in back taxes, felt he needed to complete a film soon, and turned to Giuseppe Zaccariello (who had silently backed Bava's earlier films Hatchet for the Honeymoon and Five Dolls for an August Moon) to take over as producer. Zaccariello insisted that the shooting script be written by Filippo Ottoni, who was reluctant to take the job since he did not like exploitation films. Numerous other writers, including Zaccariello himself, had their hands involved in devising the final screenplay.Lucas, Tim. Twitch of the Death Nerve DVD, Image Entertainment, 2000, liner notes. ASIN: B000055ZCA The cast included Laura Betti, who had got along well with Bava on Hatchet for the Honeymoon. At the time De Laurentiis approached Bava about working with Sacchetti, Bava and Betti had been toying with the idea of making a movie called "Odore di carne" ("stench of flesh") about cannibalism on Los Angeles colleges. The film began production in early 1971, still under the shooting title Cosi imparano a fare i cattivi, which was soon changed to Reazione a catena ("chain reaction").Stevens, Brad. Video Watchdog Magazine, #32 (1996), pgs. 10-11, "A Bay of Blood" videotape review Yet another title used during shooting was La baia d'argento ("the bay of silver"), discarded for fear that the movie would be perceived as a parody of Dario Argento's works as a result. The final title of Ecologia del delitto was suggested by Zaccariello because the word "ecologia" was in vogue at the time. The film's budget was extremely low, and it had to be shot very quickly and cheaply. Due to the severe budgetary restrictions, Bava not only acted as his own cinematographer, but also utilized a simple child's wagon for the film's many tracking shots. The location shooting was mostly completed at Zaccariello's Sabaudia beach house and its outlying property. Bava had to resort to various camera tricks to convince the audience that an entire forest existed when in fact, only a few scattered trees were at the location. Betti recalled: "All of this had to occur in a forest. But where was it? Bava said, 'Don't worry. I will do the forest'. And he found a florist who was selling these little stupid branches with little bits of foliage on them, and he began to make them dance in front of the camera! We had to act the scenes strictly in front of those branches—if we moved even an inch either way, the 'woods' would disappear!" To ensure the utmost realism in depicting the thirteen different murders, Carlo Rambaldi was hired to provide the special make-up effects. To create the deaths of Anna, Brunhilda, and Denise, wax effigies of the actresses' throats and backs were constructed and rigged to expulse brightly colored blood when cut. The illusion of Bobby being stabbed in the face with a billhook was achieved with a prop blade which was swiftly pulled out of frame to hide the fact that it was sculpted to conform exactly to actor Roberto Bonanni's profile. == Release == A Bay of Blood was promoted with multiple different titles in Italy. The film was announced as Antefatto ("Before the Fact"), but when finally released to theatres, the title had changed to Ecologia del delitto ("Ecology of Crime"). When the film did poorly on its initial release, it was pulled from Italian theaters and retitled Reazione a Catena ("Chain Reaction"), and was later re-released as Bahia de Sangre ("Bay of Blood" in Spanish). A Bay of Blood was acquired up for US distribution in 1972 by Steve Minasian's Hallmark Releasing, which specialized in exploitation films. Premiering the film under its original English title, Carnage, Hallmark copied their successful advertising campaign for Mark of the Devil by proclaiming that Bava's film was "The Second Film Rated 'V' for Violence!" (Devil having been the first). This campaign prompted a lawsuit from the Motion Picture Association of America on the grounds that it intruded on their exclusive right to rate motion pictures, and the film was withdrawn and re-released under the now common title Twitch of the Death Nerve with a R rating appearing in advertisements. Thanks to Hallmark's distribution partnership with Bava's former employer American International Pictures, the film played for years under this title in drive-ins and grindhouses throughout the country as part of a double or triple bill with other Hallmark/AIP films, most notably Wes Craven's equally-influential The Last House on the Left and Fernando Di Leo's Slaughter Hotel, but it has since been re-released theatrically and on home video under a variety of titles. In the US alone, its later titles include A Bay of Blood, Last House on the Left Part II, Last House Part II and New House on the Left. ===Critical response=== A Bay of Blood was greeted with extreme controversy and disappointment by several critics, especially by those who were fans of the director's earlier, more restrained films. At the 1971 Avoriaz Film Festival, where the movie had its world premiere, Christopher Lee attended a screening of the film, having expressed an interest in seeing the latest effort from the director of The Whip and the Body, which Lee had starred in eight years before. Lee was reportedly completely revolted by the film. The festival jurors awarded the film the Best Make-Up and Special Effects Award. Rambaldi's effects work also earned the film a "Special Mention" Award at the prestigious Sitges Film Festival in 1971. Controversy of the film continued in subsequent years and maintained a mixed critical response. Jeffrey Frentzen, reviewing the film for Cinefantastique, called Twitch of the Death Nerve "the director's most complete failure to date. If you were appalled by the gore and slaughter in Blood and Black Lace, this latest film contains twice the murders, each one accomplished with an obnoxious detail... Red herrings are ever-present, and serve as the only interest keeping the plot in motion, but nothing really redeems the dumb storyline". Gary Johnson, on his Images website, said that "Twitch of the Death Nerve is made for people who derive pleasure from seeing other people killed... The resulting movie is guaranteed to make audiences squirm, but the violence is near pornographic. In the same way that pornographic movies reduce human interactions to the workings of genitals, Twitch of the Death Nerve reduces cinematic thrills to little more than knives slicing through flesh". Phil Hardy's The Aurum Film Encyclopedia: Horror, while noting that Bava was able to "achieve some striking images", opined "zooms, no doubt programmed by the imperative to work quickly, spoil some scenes that cried out for Bava's particularly fluid use of camera movement which were so much in evidence in Operazione Paura (1966)". Reprinted as The Overlook Film Encyclopedia: Horror, Overlook Press, 1995, On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, A Bay of Blood holds an 86% approval rating based on 14 critic reviews, with an average rating of 7.10/10. Joe Dante was enthusiastic about the film, writing in The Film Bulletin (later reprinted in Video Watchdog) that it "features enough violence and gore to satisfy the most rabid mayhem fans and benefits from the inimitably stylish direction of horror specialist Mario Bava (Black Sunday). Assembled with a striking visual assurance that never ceases to amuse, this is typical Bava material, simply one ghastly murder after another13 in allsurrounded by what must be one of the most preposterous and confusing plots ever put on film". In Fangoria, Tim Lucas wrote thirteen years after the film's theatrical release that "Twitch unreels like a macabre, ironic joke, a movie built like an inescapable trap for its own anti-hero... Seen today, the violence in this movie remains as potent and explicit as anything glimpsed in contemporary 'splatter' features..." ===Legacy=== Several critics have noted that the film is probably the most influential of Bava's career, as it had a huge and profound impact on the slasher film genre. It has also been credited as his most impactful work in the international cinema. Writing in 2000, Tim Lucas wrote that Bava's film is "the acknowledged smoking gun behind the 'body count' movie phenomenon of the 1980s, which continues to dominate the horror genre two decades later with such films as Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer and their respective sequels". According to Gary Johnson, "Twitch of the Death Nerve is one of the most imitated movies of the past 30 years. It helped kick start the slasher genre… [Bava's] influence still resonates today (although somewhat dully) in movies such as I Know What You Did Last Summer, Scream and Urban Legend". It was listed at No. 94 in IndieWires "The 100 Greatest Horror Movies of All-Time", with its entry stating that the film "remains a vital watch for horror fans, and a reminder of how Bava continued to push horror into new and interesting realms, the reverberations of which are still felt today". Several commentators have noted that two sequences in the 1981 film Friday the 13th Part 2 are strikingly similar to two of Bava's murder sequences: one character is slammed in the face with a hawkbill machete, though Bava's film had a billhook instead, and two teenage lovers are interrupted when a spear impales both of them. Along with The Burning, Just Before Dawn (1981) and several other similarly plotted slashers, Friday specifically "followed Bava's inspired cue, having young people stalked by violent death amid beautiful wooded settings". ==Notes== == References == == External links == * * * * Category:1971 films Category:1971 horror films Category:1970s slasher films Category:1970s English-language films Category:Films directed by Mario Bava Category:Films scored by Stelvio Cipriani Category:Films shot in Italy Category:Films set in country houses Category:Giallo films Category:Italian horror films Category:1970s Italian- language films Category:Italian slasher films Category:Italian serial killer films Category:American International Pictures films Category:Italian exploitation films Category:Italian splatter films Category:1971 multilingual films Category:Italian multilingual films Category:1970s Italian films
41368012	A Family Christmas	A Family Christmas is the fourth studio album by American musical group The Piano Guys. Released on October 22, 2013 by Portrait (a division of Sony Masterworks), the album reached number 20 on the US Billboard 200. On October 7, 2014 the album was re-released with two additional tracks in two different limited edition versions, one containing a miniature piano Christmas ornament, and the other a miniature cello Christmas ornament. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;The Piano Guys *Steven Sharp Nelson - Cellist/Songwriter *Jon Schmidt - Pianist/Songwriter *Al van der Beek - Music Producer/Songwriter *Paul Anderson - Video Producer/Videographer ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2013) Peak position US Billboard 200 20 US Billboard Classical Albums 1 US Billboard Holiday Albums 2 US Billboard New Age Albums 1 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2013) Position US Billboard Classical Albums 23 US Billboard New Age Albums 5 Chart (2014) Position US Billboard 200 162 US Billboard Classical Albums 2 US Billboard New Age Albums 1 == References == Category:2013 classical albums Category:Sony Music Christmas albums Category:The Piano Guys albums Category:2013 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Pop Christmas albums Category:Classical Christmas albums
41659319	A Ginuwine Christmas	A Ginuwine Christmas is the eighth studio album and first Christmas album by American R&B; recording artist Ginuwine. It was released exclusively to digital media stores on October 10, 2011, via Notifi Records, compromising soulful interpretations of traditional holiday songs such as "Silent Night" and "Joy to the World ", along with love songs and sensual slow jams. ==Critical reception== A Ginuwine Christmas received generally mixed reviews from music critics. USA Today wrote that "perversely, Ginuwine slides [...] right into "Silent Night", and then veers back to more mainstream offerings, most of them original and romance-themed", while adding that "'All I Want' is particularly tasty, featuring his smooth, high tenor and harpsichord-inflected electronic keyboards." Critical with album, Mark Edward Nero from About.com rated it two out five stars. He found "the lack of focus would be easier to handle if the songs themselves were tight, but unfortunately Ginuwine's knack for making hits, which was at its height during the mid-to-late 1990s, has pretty much abandoned him in recent years. And this release makes that painfully obvious." ==Track listing== ==References== == External links == * Ginuwine.com — official site Category:Ginuwine albums Category:2011 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Contemporary R&B; Christmas albums
41679372	A Family Finds Entertainment	A Family Finds Entertainment is a 2004 video artwork by Ryan Trecartin known for launching his career. The video, which is shot in a frenetic, self- conscious style, features a disturbed boy who locks himself in his bathroom during a wild party while his friends have disassociated conversations. == Description == thumb|upright=.7|Trecartin in 2009 A Family Finds Entertainment features Skippy (Ryan Trecartin), a disturbed boy in garish makeup who has locked himself in his family's bathroom during a wild party. He rhapsodizes existentially and cuts himself with a knife. Elsewhere in the house, his friends and family implore him to come out, among other disassociated conversations mostly about Skippy but interspersed with mood swings and disorienting visual effects. He leaves the bathroom and borrows money from his lewd parents. Upon exiting the house, a documentarian wants to make a film about Skippy, who is quickly and fatally hit by a car. Inside the house, Shin (also played by Trecartin) receives a cell phone call about Skippy's death and histrionically attempts to compose herself and impart the news to her friends. Upon doing so, a band's music lifts Skippy's spirit from his body. The group goes outside to light fireworks but runs indoors before the police arrive. The video's frenzied, stagey, exaggerated, self-conscious style and acting is reminiscent of YouTubers (individuals performing asides to a camera, "hyperactive and narcissistic"), though the video predates the service. The video focuses less on its story than as a fast-paced blur of events: "somewhat incomprehensible, strangely mesmerizing, and overstimulating to the point of exhaustion". Its script borrows from television reality show and talk show language, its actors wear homemade costumes. == Production and promotion == The video was Trecartin's art school thesis project at Rhode Island School of Design. His collaborators, including Lizzie Fitch, also attended the school and continued to live and work with him after their 2004 graduation. The group moved to New Orleans and worked in a restaurant while searching Friendster for an audience. They sent DVDs to those who responded positively to their cold emails. In a form of early-Internet social networking, Cleveland art school students shared the video with visiting artist Sue de Beer, who passed it to a curator who connected Trecartin with Elizabeth Dee, Trecartin's eventual art dealer. A Family Finds Entertainment was included in the 2006 Whitney Biennial. The single-channel video runs 41 minutes. == Reception and legacy == The video established Trecartin's career. Dennis Cooper wrote that Trecartin achieved a simultaneous balance of sophistication and maniacal focus, based on expert editing and talent for avant-garde, complex narratives. These traits, wrote Cooper, help the film evade the usual art film deconstructive analysis. The work was exciting for its freshness. "A Family Finds Entertainment" has a close connection with the Internet, both as a source of inspiration and the medium used to share it. Trecartin uploaded the video to YouTube two years after its creation, making him an early artist to use social media as a primary form of dissemination. == References == == Further reading == * * * * * * * * * * https://www.artnews.com/art-in-america/features/past-and-future- camera-lizzie-fitch-and-ryan-trecartins-new-movies-59975/ * https://frieze.com/article/frieze-editors-debate-artist-decade * https://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/24/arts/design/ryan-trecartins-any-ever-at- moma-ps1-review.html == External links == * Video on YouTube Category:Video art Category:American avant-garde and experimental films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
41682640	A Barnyard Frolic	A Barnyard Frolic is a 1925 animated cartoon short by the Winkler studio, and part of a long-running series featuring the comic strip character Krazy Kat. It was written by George Winkler and directed by Bill Nolan. ==Plot== Inside a house, Krazy is eating some doughnuts. As he opens an oven and takes out a roast turkey, a slightly irritated farmer confronts him. Though Krazy puts back the dish in the oven, the farmer roughs up and hurls him outside. The farmer then calls out a rooster to put the cat to work. At the open, Krazy runs on a treadmill which spins a circular saw, and the rooster uses it to cut some logs in half. After cutting the wood, the hostile rooster "piles" the logs at a wall of the house in a way of trying hit Krazy with them. Krazy, however, is able to dodge everything being hurled at him. When the rooster viciously approaches, Krazy runs, and the fowl chases. Upon running, Krazy squeezes himself into a small hole in a fence which the cat is able to pass through. The rooster attempts the same act, only to be stuck midway. Following his work with the rooster, Krazy, for some reason, milks a cow. He then befriends a duckling, and pours the milk into a hole in the ground which the duckling swims in. After spending time with the duckling, Krazy heads to another location where he takes a sock and plays it like an accordion. A pair of hens come and dance with him. They like his performance a lot that they collapse in amusement. The farmer then comes into the open, and is surprised to see the rooster who is still stuck in the fence. Further annoyed, the farmer chases Krazy beyond the farm, and even tosses rocks. Krazy runs from the farmer until he reaches a cliff. Without any other place to go, Krazy jumps off and dives into the sea below. The farmer jumps in too. Underwater, Krazy takes a rock to disguise himself as a turtle. When his pursuer drops by, Krazy attacks. Krazy manages to scare the farmer away, and goes on to snatch the latter's trousers. He then constructs a boat, and uses the trousers as a sail. Krazy rides his boat, and sails himself to freedom. ==References== ==External links== * A Barnyard Frolic at the Big Cartoon Database Category:1925 animated films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent short films Category:Krazy Kat shorts Category:1920s American animated films Category:American animated short films Category:1925 short films Category:Animated films about cats
41766912	A Little Bit Zombie	A Little Bit Zombie is a 2012 zombie comedy horror film that was directed by Casey Walker. The film received its world premiere on February 4, 2012, at the Victoria Film Festival in Victoria, British Columbia, and was released on to DVD on July 16, 2013. The movie stars Kristopher Turner as a young man trying to control his new hunger for human flesh in order avoid the wrath of his fiancee. Filming took place in Sudbury, Ontario, during June 2011. The movie was crowdsourced through Walker's initiative called My Million Dollar Movie over a five-year period, during which he raised over a million dollars by allowing people to back the film by "purchasing" a frame. ==Synopsis== All Steve (Kristopher Turner) wants is to make his incredibly controlling fiancee Tina (Crystal Lowe) happy, even if it's at his own personal expense. His best friend Craig (Shawn Roberts) and sister Sarah (Kristen Hager) accompany Steve to their family's cabin in the hopes of convincing him that she's not right for him, but with no success. When Steve is infected with a strange virus via a mosquito bite, he begins to turn into a zombie and hunger for brains. Despite this new turn of events, all Tina cares about is getting married and doesn't care that Steve is starting to miss various body parts. Now Steve must try to control his new urges while also trying to avoid a zombie hunter (Stephen McHattie) out to end his existence. ==Cast== *Kristopher Turner as Steve *Crystal Lowe as Tina *Shawn Roberts as Craig *Kristen Hager as Sarah *Stephen McHattie as Max *Emilie Ullerup as Penelope Pendleton *George Buza as Capt'n Cletus *Robert Maillet as Terry 'Terror' Thompkins *Neil Whitely as The Professor *Spider Allen as Ringmaster *Melanie Rainville as Bearded Lady *Richard Rowntree as BBQ Bill *Trevor Martin as Master Baiter / Cory Cortex *Christopher Bond as Pizza Guy *Rob Roy as Battered Local ==Reception== Critical reception for A Little Bit Zombie has been predominantly positive. Much of the praise for the film centered upon its lighthearted nature, which some reviewers noted worked in the movie's favor. Twitch Film gave A Little Bit Zombie an overall favorable review and called it "outrageously funny". The review from Shock Till You Drop was more mixed and remarked that they felt that "the pacing was a bit off towards the beginning of the film", but that they overall enjoyed the movie as a whole. ===Awards=== *Gold Remi Award for Best Dark Comedy, WorldFest Houston (2012, won) *Golden Palm Award for Best Independent Film, Mexico International Film Festival (2012, won) *Festival Prize for Best Feature Film, Louisville Fright Night Film Fest (2012, won) *Festival Prize for Best Zombie Film, Louisville Fright Night Film Fest (2012, won) *Festival Prize for Best Comedy Film, Louisville Fright Night Film Fest (2012, won) *Golden Ace Award for Feature Film, Las Vegas International Film Festival (2012, won) *Gold Kahuna Award for Best Feature, Honolulu International Festival (2012, won) *Best Feature Film Award, Canadian Filmmakers' Festival (2012, won) *Canadian Comedy Award for Best Writing - Film, Canadian Comedy Awards (2012, won) *Rising Star Award, Canada International Film Festival (2012, won) ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2012 films Category:2012 horror films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:Films shot in Greater Sudbury Category:2012 comedy horror films Category:Canadian zombie comedy films Category:Canadian comedy horror films Category:2012 comedy films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s Canadian films
41801556	A (The Walking Dead)	"A" is the sixteenth and final episode of the fourth season of the post- apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on March 30, 2014. The episode was written by Scott M. Gimple and Angela Kang, and directed by Michelle MacLaren. As multiple paths collide on each group's travels, Rick (Andrew Lincoln) remembers the past and comes face to face with sheer brutality. As the so-called sanctuary, "Terminus", begins to reveal its true face, the group struggles to survive. Themes explored in this episode include preparedness and the extremities of living in a lawless world. The latter is explored through Rick's guilt and trauma after being forced to brutally murder two men to protect his son, Carl (Chandler Riggs). ==Plot== Flashbacks through the episode take place during the groups' time at the prison. Over an undetermined period, Hershel helps Rick to recognize that he has taken a violent, callous attitude toward protecting his group, and reminds him of how this has impressed on his son Carl, nor allowed himself to spend time with his infant daughter Judith. Rick comes to take Hershel's advice, deciding to put down his gun, take up farming alongside Carl, and enjoy time with the members of his group. In the present, Rick, Carl, and Michonne follow signs along the tracks to Terminus. They hear cries for help and find a lone survivor surrounded by walkers. Rick warns them about conserving their ammunition and determines there is too much to risk in saving the man, and they watch him get killed by the walkers. That night, they are ambushed by Joe and his gang of Claimers, whose number also includes the reluctant Daryl. Joe had been tracking Rick's group for some time, seeking revenge on Rick for killing one of his own. Joe holds Rick at gunpoint, and Daryl (who was unaware it was Rick's group being tracked) tries to convince Joe to not harm his friends. Joe refuses Daryl and has two of his men secure him before turning his attention back to Rick. Joe says that the Claimers are "reasonable men", but in revenge, he will have Daryl beaten to death, sexually assault Michonne, then Carl, and then kill Rick after he is forced to witness this. One Claimer, Dan, prepares to rape Carl. Instinctively, Rick headbutts Joe, who fires his gun but misses, but the shot leaves Rick temporarily deaf. Joe wrestles and secures Rick, but Rick then bites into Joe's carotid artery and rips out his jugular vein, killing him and shocking the other Claimers. Daryl and Michonne use the moment to break free of their captors, killing the rest of the Claimers except Dan. Dan pleads for his life, but Rick stabs him with Joe's pocketknife and disembowels him, and then continues to stab him to death repeatedly, as Carl watches. Rick makes sure the others are safe, and he and Daryl reconcile, and Daryl explains that he got separated from Beth and is unaware of her fate. Later, the four continue toward Terminus and soon come in sight of the train yard. Rick is concerned and decides to bury most of their weapons nearby before they enter. They are greeted at Terminus by brothers Gareth (Andrew J. West) and Alex (Tate Ellington), and they check their weapons before returning them to the group. Alex provides them with a tour of Terminus, providing them with food from their mother Mary. Rick notices inside Alex’s cargo pants pocket the silver chain of the pocketwatch that Hershel had given to Glenn as his sign of approval for marrying his daughter Maggie. Rick takes Alex at gunpoint and demands to know where he found the pocket watch. Gareth, observing from a distance, orders his men to attack, starting a large firefight. Rick uses Alex as a bullet shield, before he and the others are forced into a series of alleyways, and eventually into a closed-in area, where they have nowhere to hide from snipers. Gareth demands they drop their weapons, and the group is escorted into a boxcar where they find that the Terminus residents have already captured Glenn, Maggie, Bob, and Sasha, along with new allies Abraham, Rosita, Eugene, and Tara. When they are locked in, Rick tells the others "they're screwing with the wrong people." ==Production== "A" was co-written by executive producer and showrunner Scott M. Gimple and producer Angela Kang; it was each their third writing credit for the season. It was directed by Michelle MacLaren, who previously directed season two's "Pretty Much Dead Already" and season one's "Guts". It marks the final episode to feature Hershel Greene, although in a flashback sequence, following the character's death in "Too Far Gone". For this episode, Scott Wilson is readded to the opening credits after being removed after the ninth episode of the season. The episode marks the final appearance of recurring character Joe (played by Jeff Kober) as he was killed by Rick Grimes by biting out his jugular vein. The scene where Rick, Michonne and Carl are captured by Joe's gang was intentionally shot and produced to follow a certain portion of the plotline in "Volume 10", "Issue #57" of the comic book series. The main difference is in the comics, Rick, Carl, and Abraham are captured by three bandits, whereas in the show, Rick, Carl, and Michonne are captured by Joe's gang of five men. During filming of the final scene, Andrew Lincoln remarked that he delivered the final line which was very close to the one found in "Volume #11", "Issue #64" of the comic book series. Scott Gimple noted that this would never have passed the network censors, so they had to re-take another version of the final scene without the swearing. Despite this, the scene with the swearing is considered the canonical version. The home video release of the episode shows the uncensored version of the final line of the season, "They're fucking with the wrong people." ==Reception== ===Viewership=== Upon airing, the episode was watched by 15.68 million American viewers, and received an 18–49 rating of 8.0. This marks a rise in total viewers and ratings from the previous episode, which received an 18–49 rating of 6.7 and 13.47 million viewers. This rating represents the season finale high to date, but below the all-time high of the season four premiere episode. Overall, season four's average viewership of 13.3 million viewers was an increase of 20% over season three. ===Critical reception=== The episode received critical acclaim. Writing for Forbes, Allen St. John, commented the finale positively, saying, "This episode, directed masterfully by Michelle McLaren of Breaking Bad fame, puts The Walking Dead in an interesting place. The story line takes our heroes into a dark place—and what can be darker than a locked railroad car?" IGN's Roth Cornet rated the episode a "Great" 8.0, writing, "The Walking Dead Season 4 finale served as a response to a question Rick has been asking himself nearly since the start of the series: What kind of man am I? The answer, at least to some degree, is whatever kind of man the moment demands of him; which is exactly what he’d need to be in order to make a strong and viable leader in this world. While I do feel that the conclusion could have been stronger, this was one of the most well-directed and executed episodes of the latter half of this season." ==References== ==External links== *"A" at AMC * Category:2014 American television episodes Category:The Walking Dead (season 4) episodes Category:Television episodes directed by Michelle MacLaren
4185966	A Horse with No Name	"A Horse with No Name" is a song by the folk rock band America, written by Dewey Bunnell. It was the band's first and most successful single, released in late 1971 in Europe and early 1972 in the United States, that topped the charts in Canada, Finland, and the United States.[ "A Horse with No Name" USA chart history], Billboard.com. Retrieved September 6, 2011. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. ==Development== America's self-titled debut album was released initially in Europe, without "A Horse with No Name", and achieved only moderate success. Originally called "Desert Song", "Horse" was written while the band was staying at the home of studio musician Arthur Brown, near Puddletown, Dorset, England. The first two demos were recorded there by Jeff Dexter and Dennis Elliott, which were intended to capture the sensation of the hot, dry desert that had been depicted in a Salvador Dalí painting, and in a picture by M. C. Escher which featured a horse. Writer Dewey Bunnell also says he remembered his childhood travels through the Arizona and New Mexico desert when his family lived at Vandenberg Air Force Base. Bunnell has explained that "A Horse with No Name" was "a metaphor for a vehicle to get away from life's confusion into a quiet, peaceful place". Trying to find a song that would be popular in both the United States and Europe, Warner Brothers was reluctant to release Gerry Beckley's "I Need You" ballad as the first single from America. The label asked the band if it had any other material, then arranged for America to record four more songs at Morgan Studios, in Willesden, London. "A Horse with No Name" was released as the featured song on a three-track single in the UK, Ireland, France, Italy and the Netherlands in late 1971. On the release, "A Horse with No Name" shared the A-side with "Everyone I Meet Is from California"; "Sandman" featured on the B-side. However, its early-1972 two- track US release did not include "Sandman", with "Everyone I Meet Is from California" appearing on the B-side. ==Composition== "A Horse with No Name" was recorded in E Dorian (giving it a key signature with two sharps, F# and C#) with acoustic guitars, bass guitar, drum kit, and bongo drums. The only other chord is a D, fretted on the low E and G strings, second fret. A 12-string guitar plays an added F♯ (second fret, high E string) on the back beat of the Em. A noted feature of the song is the driving bass line with a hammer-hook in each chorus. A "waterfall"-type solo completes the arrangement. Produced by Ian Samwell on the day of final recording at Morgan Studios, when at first the group thought it was too corny and took some convincing to actually play it. Gerry Beckley has explained in Acoustic Guitar magazine (March 2007) that the correct tuning for the guitar is D E D G B D, low to high. The chord pattern that repeats throughout the entire song is: 202002 (Em), then 020202 and 000202. The tuning is unique to this song; they did not use it on any other America song. ==Reception== Despite the song being banned by some U.S. radio stations because of supposed drug references to heroin use ("horse" is a common slang term for heroin), the song ascended to number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, and the album quickly reached platinum status. The song charted earlier in Ireland (reaching number 4), the Netherlands (reaching number 11) and the UK (reaching number 3, the band's only Top 40 hit in the country) than it did in the United States. The song's resemblance to some of Neil Young's work aroused some controversy. For example, in their review of "A Horse with No Name" Cash Box described America as "CSN&Y; soundalikes." "I know that virtually everyone, on first hearing, assumed it was Neil", Bunnell said. "I never fully shied away from the fact that I was inspired by him. I think it's in the structure of the song as much as in the tone of his voice. It did hurt a little, because we got some pretty bad backlash. I've always attributed it more to people protecting their own heroes more than attacking me." By coincidence, it was "A Horse with No Name" that replaced Young's "Heart of Gold" at the number 1 spot on the U.S. pop chart. The single achieved sales of over 50,000 copies in Australia, being eligible for the award of a gold disc. The song has received criticism for its lyrics, including "The heat was hot"; "There were plants, and birds, and rocks, and things"; and "'Cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain." According to an anecdote from Robert Christgau, Randy Newman dismissed "A Horse With No Name" as a "song about a kid who he’s taken acid". Penn Jillette asked the band about their lyrics, "there were plants, and birds, and rocks, and things" after a show in Atlantic City, where America opened for Penn & Teller. According to Jillette, their explanation for the lyrics was that they were intoxicated with cannabis while writing it.Jillette, Penn. (2012). Gilbert Gottfried Again! (Episode 14, 2012/05/21). Penn's Sunday School. Ace Broadcasting Network. In a 2012 interview, Beckley disputed Jillette's story, saying, "I don't think Dew was stoned." == Personnel == (Per back cover of 1972 vinyl issue of America.) America * Dewey Bunnell – lead vocals, acoustic guitar * Gerry Beckley – 12-string acoustic guitars, backing vocals * Dan Peek – bass, backing vocals Session musicians * Ray Cooper – percussion * Kim Haworth – drums ==Cover version== In the season 4 episode of BoJack Horseman "The Old Sugarman Place", the title character drives through the desert to Patrick Carney and Michelle Branch's interpretation of the song. This version also appears on the soundtrack album of the series. ===Musical references=== Michael Jackson's song "A Place with No Name" was released posthumously by TMZ as a 25-second snippet on July 16, 2009. The snippet closely resembles "A Horse with No Name". Jim Morey, both Jackson's and America's former band manager, has stated that "America was honored that Michael chose to do their song and they hope it becomes available for all Michael's fans to hear." The song was remastered and released in its entirety along with the original Michael Jackson recording on Jackson's 2014 album, Xscape. The song was sampled by Milo in his song "Geometry and Theology" from his album Cavalcade, in which every song samples a song by America. The song is name-checked in the 1991 Tin Machine song 'Stateside' on the Tin Machine II album. ==Charts== Chart (1971–1972) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 2 Canada (RPM) Top Singles 1 Canada (RPM) Adult Contemporary 12 Finland (Suomen virallinen lista) 1 Ireland (IRMA) 4 Russia 3 New Zealand (Listener)Flavour of New Zealand, 27 March 1972 5 US Easy Listening (Billboard) 3 US Cash Box Top 100 1 US Record World Singles Chart 1 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1972) Position U.S. Billboard Hot 100Musicoutfitters.com 27 ===All-time charts=== Chart (1958–2018) Position US Billboard Hot 100 549 ==Certifications== ==See also== * List of fictional horses * Caballo sin Nombre ==References== ==External links== *Official America Homepage Category:1971 songs Category:1971 debut singles Category:1972 singles Category:Songs written by Dewey Bunnell Category:America (band) songs Category:Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles Category:Cashbox number-one singles Category:Warner Records singles Category:RPM Top Singles number-one singles Category:Song recordings produced by Ian Samwell Category:Songs about horses
41868594	A History of the Early Part of the Reign of James II	A History of the Early Part of the Reign of James II (1808) is a history of England during the first year of James II's reign (1685), written by the Whig MP Charles James Fox. It was left unfinished at his death in 1806 and was not published until 1808. ==Background== Ever since the Glorious Revolution of 1688, the Whigs had appealed to that event as a great deliverance from the attempt by James II to set up an absolute monarchy. Fox (who was James' great- great-great nephew) was a staunch Whig and believed that his conflict with George III was similar to that between the Whigs of the late seventeenth century and James II. In August 1802, during the Peace of Amiens, Fox travelled to Paris to search the archives for his history. Talleyrand brought Fox into contact with the appropriate librarian and Fox would spend each day at the library.Mitchell, pp. 72-73. Part of Fox's motive in writing it was to correct the Tory interpretation of David Hume's History of England, who Fox considered to be "an excellent man and of great powers of mind, but his Partiality to Kings and Princes is intolerable".Mitchell, p. 189. Fox was able to glean information from what his grandfather the Duke of Richmond had heard from the Duchess of Portsmouth and he consulted fellow historians William Belsham, Sir John Dalrymple, Andrew Stuart, Charles Butler. Through his aristocratic connections, Fox was also able to access the papers of some of the British nobility and through his French connections he was able to enlist the help of Talleyrand and Lafayette to access French archives.Mitchell, pp. 189-190. ==Contents== Fox originally wanted to carry the history down past James II's reign into that of William III but he died before he could complete it, and it was posthumously published in 1808. Fox's view is that of Whig history; that is, the history of England is an ongoing struggle between the absolutist designs of monarchs and the struggle of their subjects to assert their liberty.Mitchell, p. 191. ==Reception== One of Fox's biographers claimed that the book "was cordially received by friends, criticized by others, ignored by professionals".Reid, p. 434. The Whig peer Lord Holland, who was Fox's nephew and who ensured its publication, considered it "an imperfect work but one which will if possible add to his reputation & I sometimes flatter myself infuse into posterity some little portion of that spirit of liberty which he & he alone preserved in this country for years".Mitchell, p. 189. Reviewing the book in the Edinburgh Review, Francis Jeffrey praised it as "the only appeal to the old principles of English constitutional freedom, and the only expression of those firm and temperate sentiments of independence, which are the peculiar produce, and natural protection of our mixed government, which we recollect to ave met with for very many years".Mitchell, p. 189. According to Lord John Russell the book was "a work which contains more sound constitutional opinions than any other history which I am acquainted".Mitchell, p. 189. The later Whig historian, Thomas Macaulay, wrote to his sister in 1833 that "We see in our time that the books written by public men of note are generally rated at more than their real value" and gave as an example Fox's history.George Otto Trevelyan, The Life and Letters of Lord Macaulay. Volume I (Oxford University Press, 1978), p. 296. In reviewing Sir James Mackintosh's history of the Glorious Revolution in 1835, Macaulay claimed that "the superiority of Mr. Fox to Sir James as an orator is hardly more clear than the superiority of Sir James to Mr. Fox as a historian. Mr. Fox with a pen in his hand, and Sir James on his legs in the House of Commons were, we think, each out of his proper element".Thomas Babington Macaulay, Critical and Historical Essays: Volume One (London: J. M. Dent & Sons, 1935), p. 274. He added that Fox's work "will always keep its place in our libraries as a valuable book"Macaulay, p. 275. but that his obsessive desire not to use colloquial English was unworthy of so great a man. Macaulay also claimed that Fox's nature as an orator also hindered his ability as an historian: > There is about the whole book a vehement, contentious, replying manner. > Almost every argument is put in the form of an interrogation, an > ejaculation, or a sarcasm. The writer seems to be addressing himself to some > imaginary audience, to be tearing in pieces a defence of the Stuarts which > has just been pronounced by an imaginary Tory. Take, for example, his answer > to Hume's remarks on the execution of Sydney; and substitute “the honourable > gentleman” or “the noble Lord” for the name of Hume. The whole passage > sounds like a powerful reply, thundered at three in the morning from the > Opposition Bench. While we read it, we can almost fancy that we see and hear > the great English debater, such as he has been described to us by the few > who can still remember the Westminster scrutiny and the Oczakow > Negotiations, in the full paroxysm of inspiration, foaming, screaming, > choked by the rushing multitude of his words.Macaulay, p. 276. Charles Harding Firth considered the work to have "little historical value".Charles Harding Firth, A Commentary on Macaulay's History of England (London: Frank Cass, 1964), p. 57. ==Notes== ==References== *Charles Harding Firth, A Commentary on Macaulay's History of England (London: Frank Cass, 1964). *L. G. Mitchell, Charles James Fox (London: Penguin, 1997). *Loren Reid, Charles James Fox. A Man for the People (London: Longmans, 1969). *George Otto Trevelyan, The Life and Letters of Lord Macaulay. Volume I (Oxford University Press, 1978). Category:1808 non-fiction books Category:19th-century history books Category:History books about England Category:James II of England Category:Unfinished books Category:Books published posthumously Category:Whig history
41926673	A Celebrated Case	A Celebrated Case is a 1914 American silent drama film starring Alice Joyce, Guy Coombs and Marguerite Courtot. It is based on the 1877 play Une cause célèbre by Adolphe Philippe Dennery and Eugene Cormon. A French soldier is wrongfully sentenced to the galleys for the murder of his wife. It is considered to be a lost film. ==Cast== *Alice Joyce as Madeline Renaud *Guy Coombs as Jean Renaud *Marguerite Courtot as Adrienne *James B. Ross as Adrienne's Father *Harry F. Millarde as Lazare *Alice Hollister ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:Silent American drama films Category:American silent feature films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American films based on plays Category:Lost American films Category:1914 drama films Category:1914 films Category:1914 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films
41951836	A Arma Escarlate	A Arma Escarlate (English: The Scarlet Weapon) is a 2011 fantasy novel by Brazilian author Renata Ventura and published by Novo Século. The book follows Hugo Escarlate, a boy raised at Favela Santa Marta, Rio de Janeiro, who discovers he is a wizard. == Synopsis == The year is 1997, in the middle of an intense shootout, during one of the bloodiest eras of the Favela Santa Marta, a thirteen-years-old boy discovers he is a wizard. Sworn death by drug kingpins, Hugo escapes with only one goal in mind: learn enough magic to come back and confront the bandit who is threatening his family. In this learning process, however, he may end up discovering how much of bandit's is inside himself. == Reception == A Arma Escarlate received 4.6/5 rate at Skoob, based on 1011 evaluations. The book is being highly praised among the youth and also the adults for using fantasy to deal with hard themes of Brazilian reality, as social inequality, prejudice, abandonment, drugs and corruption. In a short release time, it became successful between a great youth community widespread in Brazil. A Arma Escarlate has currently about ten thousands likes on Facebook. On April 27, 2013, it was nominated for Codex de Ouro in Fantasy genre, winning the award. ==References== == External links == * "A Arma Escarlate" Official Website * Article on 'O Globo' about A Arma Escarlate Category:2011 novels Category:Brazilian romance novels Category:Brazilian fantasy novels
42033161	A Dinner for Them to Meet	A Dinner for Them to Meet () is a 2007 Italian comedy film directed by Pupi Avati.Ferdinando Carcavallo. Cronache dal cinematografo. KinemaZOne 2007. ==Premise== After Sandro Lanza, an aging television soap opera television star, suffers through an embarrassing televised media event, he attempts suicide. This brings his three daughters, Clara, Betty and Ines, the children of three different wives, to his home in Rome, where they meet each other for the first time. == Cast == *Diego Abatantuono: Sandro Lanza *Vanessa Incontrada: Clara Lanza *Violante Placido: Elisabetta "Betty" Lanza *Inés Sastre: Ines Lanza *Francesca Neri: Alma Kero *Gianfranco Barra: Corrado *Fabio Ferrari: Matteo *Blas Roca Rey: Federico ==References== ==External links== * Category:2007 films Category:Italian comedy films Category:Films directed by Pupi Avati Category:2007 comedy films Category:Films scored by Riz Ortolani
42085302	A Glass of Rage	A Glass of Rage is a Brazilian drama movie made in 1999. It is the first feature film directed by Aluizio Abranches. The screenplay is based on the work of the Brazilian writer Raduan Nassar. It premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival and was positively received. It was also well- acclaimed in Brazil, though it received some criticism with its explicit sex scenes. The movie was launched in many countries, such as Italy, where it remained on screen for a whole year. The film stars Júlia Lemmertz, Alexandre Borges, Marieta Severo, Ruth de Souza, and Lineu Dias as Júlia’s father. ==Cast== *Alexandre Borges *Julia Lemmertz *Lineu Dias *Ruth de Souza *Marieta Severo ==Release== It received six nominations at the 1st Grande Prêmio Cinema Brasil, of which it did not won any award. A Glass of Rage was screened in the Discovery section of the 24th Toronto International Film Festival and in the Panorama section of the 49th Berlin International Film Festival. Havana Film Festival, Washington, DC International Film Festival, Chicago Latino Film Festival, Amiens International Film Festival, and Galway International Oyster Festival also screened it. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1999 films Category:1999 drama films Category:Brazilian drama films Category:Films based on Brazilian novels Category:Films directed by Aluizio Abranches Category:Films shot in Rio de Janeiro (city) Category:1990s Portuguese- language films Category:1999 directorial debut films
42089894	A Brooklyn State of Mind	A Brooklyn State of Mind is a 1997 American crime drama film written and directed by Frank Rainone. == Cast == * Vincent Spano: Al Stanco * Maria Grazia Cucinotta: Gabriela * Danny Aiello: Danny Parente * Abe Vigoda: Uncle Guy * Rick Aiello: Nicky Vetrino ** Leonard Spinelli: Young Nicky Vetrino * Tony Danza: Louie Crisci * Jennifer Esposito: Donna Delgrosso * Morgana King: Aunt Rose * Vincent Pastore: Vinnie "D" * Jamie-Lynn Sigler: Young Angie * Arthur Nascarella: Building Inspector ==References== ==External links== * Category:1997 films Category:1997 crime drama films Category:American crime drama films Category:Films set in Brooklyn Category:Films shot in New York City Category:1990s American films
42156700	A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon	A Hill on the Dark Side of the Moon () is a 1983 Swedish drama film about the life of the Russian mathematician Sofia Kovalevskaya, written by Agneta Pleijel and directed by Lennart Hjulström. Gunilla Nyroos won the award for Best Actress at the 20th Guldbagge Awards. ==Cast== * Bibi Andersson as Ann- Charlotte Leffler * Thommy Berggren as Maxim Kovalevskij * Roland Hedlund as Anton * Gerd Hegnell as Martha Mittag-Leffler * Ingvar Hirdwall as Gustaf Edgren * Gunilla Nyroos as Sonja Kovalevskij * Lina Pleijel as Foufa Kovaevskij * Birgitta Ulfsson as Greta * Iwar Wiklander as Gösta Mittag- Leffler ==See also== * List of films about mathematicians * Sofia Kovalevskaya (film) -- a biographical television miniseries ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1983 films Category:1983 drama films Category:Biographical films about mathematicians Category:Swedish drama films Category:1980s Swedish-language films Category:1980s Swedish films
42235969	A Film by Aravind	A Film by Aravind is 2005 Indian Telugu language mystery thriller film written and directed by Sekhar Suri. The film stars Rajeev Kanakala, Rishi, and Sherlyn Chopra in the lead roles. The plot is about a film director and an actor who fall in love with a mysterious woman and a script that dictates the events in their lives. The film was successful at the box office. It was remade in Kannada as Nimma Shankarnag. The film was dubbed into Hindi as Bhayanak: A Murder Mystery in 2011. It was followed by Aravind 2. == Plot == Childhood friends Aravind (Rajiv Kanakala) and Rishi (Rishi) struggled for film industry fame before Aravind's films with Rishi as hero become successful. They made two blockbuster films together. Then Konda thought of directing a new story written by a new writer and made a job offer to some writers. He then saw a story written by a new writer on which Aravind's co- director unfortunately dropped some ink on the script. Aravind found the script very interesting and he along with Rishi planned to go on a road trip to search for inspiration to complete the remaining script of a third film. During the ride, Aravind and Rishi meet Nirupama (Sherlyn Chopra), whom they save from goons. During the journey, Nirupama asked Rishi to overtake a 'black car' which was in front of them. Rishi then drove the car at a great speed and overtook the car but in the meantime, that 'black car' got hit by a truck but Rishi and his friends had not seen the accident, so they moved forward. Rishi slowly fell in love with Nirupama while they were staying in a cottage. But soon Aravind also found Nirupama very interesting, and he also started loving her. Aravind and Rishi then realise that the events that occurred during their journey was very similar to the script that Aravind had read earlier. The last page that he read from the script prophesied that two friends will fight with each other for a girl and, they had actually fought over Nirupama. And he called the writer of the script to the woods and asked him to complete the story. The writer said that the girl for whom the two friends were fighting is a psychopath and would kill one of the friends. Aravind believes that they might get killed, so he warns his friend Rishi to leave her and avoid her. But Rishi ignored him and wanted to elope with her and marry her. Aravind hears that a psychopath was moving in the area they live in and this news made him more sure that Nirupama was the psychopath. Aravind planned to kill Nirupama and save his friend, but then the writer of the script in the story changed the climax of the movie to make the script a romantic story instead of a thriller. As the script changed, the reality also changes with Rishi being safe, but Aravind getting killed by the psychopath (the one on the news). The reasons that made the psychopath kill Aravind and his friends was that she was in the 'black car' that met with an accident in the race. She felt that Rishi and his friends were responsible for her accident and planned to kill them. Rishi, after seeing his friend die, fought with the real psychopath and killed her. == Cast == *Rajeev Kanakala as Aravind *Rishi as Rishi *Sherlyn Chopra as Nirupama "Niru" *Ghazal Srinivas as Satyam *Mallikarjuna Rao as Dhaba owner * Madhu as Housekeeper * Mansoor Markhand == References == == External links == * Category:2000s mystery thriller films Category:2000s Telugu-language films Category:2005 films Category:Indian mystery thriller films Category:Films directed by Sekhar Suri
42261662	A Dash Through the Clouds	A Dash Through the Clouds is a 1912 short American silent comedy film directed by Mack Sennett, written by Dell Henderson and starring Mabel Normand. It has the distinction of being somewhat of an aviation film as Sennett employed the services of real life aviation pioneer, Philip Parmelee, a pilot for the Wright Brothers. The film provided a means through which Parmelee is preserved, as he died in a crash not long after the making. Sennett had a penchant for working with and showcasing real-life daredevils and public personalities and hired a real-life pilot, Phil Parmelee, who was a national hero at the time. He would employ Barney Oldfield in a similar fashion a year later in Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life. ==Cast== *Mabel Normand - Martha *Fred Mace - Arthur (aka 'Chubby') *Philip Parmelee - Slim, the aviator *Sylvia Ashton - Carmelita, Young Mexican Woman *Jack Pickford - Mexican boy who warns Chubby *Kate Bruce - Old Mexican Woman other cast *William J. Butler - Townsman *Edward Dillon - Carmelita's Objecting Relative *Charles Gorman - Townsman *Grace Henderson - Townswoman *Harry Hyde - Townsman *J. Jiquel Lanoe - Townsman *Alfred Paget - Townsman ==References== ==External links== * *A Dash Through the Clouds available for free download at Internet Archive Category:1912 films Category:1912 short films Category:American silent short films Category:Biograph Company films Category:Films directed by Mack Sennett Category:American aviation films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:1912 comedy films Category:Articles containing video clips Category:American comedy short films Category:1910s American films
4230473	A History of the American People	A History of the American People is a 1997 book about the history of the United States by the historian Paul Johnson. First published in Great Britain, it presents Johnson's view of American history from Colonial America to the end of the 20th century. ==External links== *New York Times review by Pauline Maier *Booknotes interview with Johnson on A History of the American People, April 5, 1998. Category:1997 non-fiction books Category:Books by Paul Johnson (writer) Category:English-language books Category:English non-fiction books Category:History books about the United States Category:Weidenfeld & Nicolson books
42341614	A Kiss Is Just a Kiss	A Kiss Is Just a Kiss is a 1971 British television play written by Alec Coppel for Itelevision playhouse. It was set in Hollywood and used an American cast.Triangles, US and Swedish-style. Elkan Allan. The Sunday Times (London, England), Sunday, March 28, 1971; pg. 52-53; Issue 7712. (612 words) ==Premise== In Hollywood, wealthy young lawyer Kit Shaeffer, who has a wife and a house in the Hollywood hills, visits his best friend, Dr Alex Noon, for a check up to obtain life insurance for a large amount of money. ==Cast== *David Hedison as Kit Shaeffer *Lelia Goldoni as Louise *Keir Dullea as Dr Alex Noon ==Reception== The Western Daily Press and Times and Mirror called it "an unconvincing, but nasty little story played with suitable nastiness by a strong cast." ==References== ==External links== *A Kiss Is Just a Kiss at IMDb *A Kiss Is Just a Kiss at BFI *A Kiss Is Just a Kiss stills at Keirdullea.org Category:1971 plays Category:1971 television films Category:1971 films Category:British television films Category:Films directed by Alvin Rakoff
42403439	A Fairly Odd Summer	A Fairly Odd Summer (also known as A Fairly Odd Movie 3 or A Fairly Odd Paradise) is a 2014 American live-action/animated comedy television film. It is the sequel to A Fairly Odd Christmas and was released on August 2, 2014. It is the third and final installment in The Fairly OddParents live-action film series beginning with the first film A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner!, and continuing with its first sequel. The film was released on DVD on October 28, 2014, and was released on Blu-ray on December 4, 2015. ==Plot== Following his previous adventure, Timmy Turner is assigned a summer job in Fairy World's Yuck Factory by head fairy, Jorgen Von Strangle, who insists he take responsibility for income as an adult, something his own fairies agree upon. Timmy, despite not being happy he will not be able to enjoy a summer vacation, chooses to do so in order to impress Tootie, who now works for the Help Creatures Dimmsdale Research Center. One day after work, Timmy visits Tootie at the Center and discovers to his dismay that the head of the Center wishes her to deliver a special gas cure for rare spotted dolphins to Hawaii, which will be contained in a vial in the same size and shape as Timmy's lip balm. In mix-up and totally unaware of it, Timmy sets his lip balm down by the gas cure, which is inadvertently packed away into a travel case by mistake while he takes the cure's vial. Later, upon returning home, Timmy is shocked to discover that his parents are also going to Hawaii, after Mr. Turner's pencil company chose it for the company's next vacation. Mr. Turner further reveals that he has been put in charge of providing the entertainment in the form of a fire dance and been given the money to do so, only to learn from Timmy after reading the note his boss gave him in more detail, that he will be fired if he fails to provide. Meanwhile, two children from a rich family, Marty and Mitzy, are excited about going to Hawaii, until they learn their parents will not be going, instead sending them off with a babysitter, who turns out to be Vicky. In Fairy World, Jorgen promotes Timmy to supervise the source of all fairy magic, Abracadabraium, while he is away in Hawaii competing in the Bronze Biceps contest. Much to his chagrin, Timmy takes on the job, but whilst preparing to have his lunch, Timmy discovers that his father packed the check he had been given within his sandwich by mistake, while also discovering that his lip balm got mistakenly taken by Tootie and not the gas cure. Seeking to avoid both sufferings by these minor accidents, Timmy decides to head to Hawaii, taking the Abracadabraium with him in a bowling bag. Meanwhile, Poof's counterpart, Foop, who had been spying on him, meets with the Anti-Fairy council over his failure to destroy Timmy's fairies and vows to find a new way to do so by going after the Abracadabraium and destroying it, despite the fact that no anti-fairy can touch it because of the good magic stored in it. The council orders him to do so, stripping him of his bottle, the source of his magic, to ensure he completes his task in order to avoid a horrible punishment. Heading for Hawaii, Foop runs into Mr. Crocker at the airport, after he was sent there by his mother in the hopes of curing his obsession with fairies. Realizing that Foop plans to cause mischief for Timmy and destroy Fairy World, Crocker agrees to help him in acquiring the Abracadabraium. After returning the check to his father and giving back the gas cure to Tootie to save both their jobs, Timmy decides to relax with her and his fairies on the beach. While doing so, he and Tootie run into Marty and Mitzy, who had run away from Vicky after she had mistreated them on their vacation and help them escape from her so that they can have some fun. But while relaxing, Crocker, who is given the money for the fire dance by Mr. Turner, and Foop, having taken on human form, successfully distract the pair and steal the bag carrying the Abracadabraium from Timmy, soon putting Fairy World in danger, and weakening Cosmo, Wanda and Poof. Realizing he has been duped, Timmy is soon spotted by Jorgen who becomes furious he lost the Abracadaraium; his anger changes his skin, causing him to lose in the Bronze Biceps contest. Seeking to get the Abracadabrium back, the pair and the fairies recruit Marty and Mitzy to help and soon discover that Foop plans to drop it into a lava pool within a volcano. Arriving to stop him, the group discovers that Crocker, who was planning to drop it, became affected by it, turning good and refusing to do as Foop wants. Angered, Foop risks touching the substance to destroy it, leading to Timmy struggling with him to get it back and falling into the lava with it. Much to the surprise of the others, Timmy survives and becomes a fairy (his appearance that of his cartoon self in his youth without the buck teeth) after absorbing some of the powers of the Abracadabraium. A defiant Foop swears revenge but is soon sent away by Poof, while Crocker soon returns to his normal self. With Timmy now a fairy, Jorgen reassigns Cosmo, Wanda and Poof to Marty and Mitzy, who he states deserve them, all while leaving them close by for Timmy to see them. Timmy soon uses his fairy powers to save his father's job by creating a fire dance for him with Crocker in it, after learning he took the money for it. While Marty and Mitzy take delight in having fairies, turning Vicky into a rabbit, Tootie declares she will need time to get used to Timmy as a fairy, before dancing with him. The stage sets off fireworks and Poof sends off the audience with an "Aloha!". In the epilogue, Foop gets sent down the drain, which he describes as the "unspeakable horror". ==Cast== ===Live actors=== * Drake Bell as Timmy Turner * Daniella Monet as Tootie * Daran Norris as Mr. Turner * Teryl Rothery as Mrs. Turner * David Lewis as Mr. Denzel Crocker * Mark Gibbon as Jorgen Von Strangle * Devon Weigel as Vicky * Carter Hastings as Marty * Ella Anderson as Mitzy * Ali Liebert as Mrs. Mulligan * Vincent Tong as Dr. Flemmish * Scott Baio as Foop * Butch Hartman as Crazy Guy ===Animated voice cast=== * Daran Norris as Cosmo (voice) * Susanne Blakeslee as Wanda (voice) * Tara Strong as Timmy Turner (reprising role from The Fairly OddParents), Poof (voice) * Eric Bauza as Foop (voice) * Veena Sood as Anti-Fairy Councilman (voice) == Ratings == The film received 2.79 million viewers and a 0.5 on the 18-49 rating. ==References== ==External links== * Category:The Fairly OddParents films Category:2014 television films Category:2014 films Category:American children's comedy films Category:American fantasy comedy films Category:Films directed by Savage Steve Holland Category:Films set in Hawaii Category:Films shot in Vancouver Category:American films with live action and animation Category:Live-action films based on animated series Category:Nickelodeon original films Category:Television sequel films Category:Films with screenplays by Savage Steve Holland Category:Films scored by Guy Moon Category:American comedy television films Category:Films about vacationing Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
42410858	A Farmer's Ghost	"A Farmer's Ghost" is a popular English poem by the Indian poet and writer Anju Makhija. The poem won First Prize in the Fifth All India Poetry Competition conducted by The Poetry Society (India) in 1994. The poem has been widely cited and anthologised in reputed journals and scholarly volumes on contemporary Indian poetry. ==Comments and criticism== The poem has received positive reviews since its first publication in 1995 in the anthology on Indian Poetry Emerging Voices.Poetry India - Emerging Voices by H K Kaul, Virgo Publications, 1995. The poem has been frequently quoted in scholarly analysis of contemporary Indian English poetry. The poem is regarded by critics as a jewel in contemporary Indian poetry. ==See also== *The Poetry Society (India) ==Notes== ==External links== * Fifth National Poetry Competition 1994 - Award Winners * Anthology of Contemporary Indian Poetry - Anju Makhija * India Writes - Contemporary Indian Poetry *"Best Indian Poems" Category:Indian poems Category:Indian English poems Category:1994 poems Category:Works originally published in Indian magazines Category:Works originally published in literary magazines
4253857	A Girl of the Limberlost (novel)	thumb|Title page A Girl of the Limberlost, a novel by American writer and naturalist Gene Stratton-Porter, was published in August 1909. It is considered a classic of Indiana literature. It is the sequel to her earlier novel Freckles. The story takes place in Indiana, in and around the Limberlost Swamp. Even at the time, this impressive wetland region was being reduced by heavy logging, natural oil extraction and drainage for agriculture. (The swamp and forestland eventually ceased to exist, though projects since the 1990s have begun to restore a small part of it.) Patricia Raub (Senior Lecturer of American Studies at the University of Massachusetts Boston) notes that Stratton-Porter was "one of the most popular woman novelists of the era, who was known for her nature books and her editorials on McCall's 'Gene Stratton- Porter Page' as well as for her novels." Raub writes, "At the time of her death in 1924, more than ten million copies of her books had been sold – and four more books were published after her death." ==Plot summary== The novel is set in northeastern Indiana. Most of the action takes place either in or around the Limberlost, or in the nearby, fictional town of Onabasha. The novel's main character, Elnora Comstock, is an impoverished young woman who lives with her widowed mother, Katharine Comstock, on the edge of the Limberlost. Elnora faces cold neglect by her mother, a woman who feels ruined by the death of her husband, Robert Comstock, who drowned in quicksand in the swamp. Katharine blames Elnora for his death, because her husband died while she gave birth to their daughter and could not come to his rescue. The Comstocks make money by selling eggs and other farm products, but Mrs. Comstock refuses to cut down a single tree in the forest, or to delve for oil, as the neighbors around them are doing, even though the added income would make their lives easier. ===Elnora as a high school student=== Elnora is just beginning high school, where her unfashionable dresses add to her difficulty in blending in with the other students. She is determined to earn an education, which her mother derides as useless; Mrs. Comstock wants Elnora to remain at home and work as a drudge on their farm. Lack of money for tuition and books nearly derail her continued enrollment. Her few comforts are the fact that she knows she can excel in school, especially in math and her study of nature; the kindness of her neighbors, Wesley and Margaret Sinton; that Freckles left her a valuable specimens box in the swamp; and that she succeeds in her enterprising scheme to gather and sell artifacts and moths from the Limberlost, which she can store in Freckles's box without her mother's knowledge. Elnora is smart and witty, and she loves the outdoors; her heart aches for returned love. She soon makes many friends at school. Eventually, Elnora wins her mother's love, but only after a few emotional disasters have stricken the Comstock women. Firstly, after succeeding in high school for some years, she feels a yearning to play the violin, as her father had done. Margaret Sinton is able to procure for her the very same violin that Robert Comstock used to play, and Elnora becomes proficient at it. She knows that her mother hates the violin, without knowing why, so she must conceal her proficiency. Secondly, when Elnora is in her final year of high school, Wesley and Margaret insist that Katharine accompany them to the high school play. Katharine has no interest in seeing "what idiotic thing a pack of school children were doing." But Katharine is curious about the high school; she enters it to deride it, then finds she admires it; when she hears a violin playing, she enters the school play and discovers Elnora playing "as only a peculiar chain of circumstances puts it in the power of a very few to play." Upon seeing Elnora playing her dead husband's violin to an enthusiastic audience, and realizing that her world has changed irrevocably - "The swamp had sent back the soul of her loved dead and put it into the body of the daughter she resented, and it was almost more than she could endure and live" \- Katharine faints. Thirdly, a few days later, Elnora believes her mother understands the necessity for her to graduate so that she can enter college or, at least, teach, either of which she would love to do. She instructs Katharine that she will need new dresses for Commencement and trusts her mother to supply them. Mrs. Comstock, always antagonistically honest, presents her with an old dress. Elnora considers this an unforgivable betrayal, a sign of her mother's disregard and lack of love for her. That night, Elnora must find a good dress elsewhere. Fourthly, Elnora has always concealed from her mother the fact that she can earn money by selling moths. As she works through her final year of high school and hopes to go to college, she finds that there is a single moth she must collect, which will pay the way for her future. In the central conflict of the novel, Elnora sees her mother destroy that moth. When she protests, Mrs. Comstock slaps her. Elnora has always been patient, but now she screams that she hates her mother and rushes out. Mrs. Comstock, finally realizing how essential Elnora is to her stable home life, sets out that night to replace the moth. She worsens the situation, a result which Elnora hides from her, but when the Sintons discover that Mrs. Comstock hit Elnora, Margaret determines on an intervention. She tells Katharine that she has been mourning for a husband who was promiscuous and planning to cheat on her. With this news, Katharine understands how she has neglected a loving, talented daughter. ===Elnora meets Philip Ammon=== Elnora graduates and is now 19 years old. A young man, Philip Ammon, arrives in town. His uncle, a doctor, advised Philip to visit Onabasha to recuperate from typhoid fever. He stays with Elnora and her mother for a summer and helps Elnora gather moths. The two gradually fall in love; however, he is already engaged to another young woman, Edith Carr, who is wealthy, spoiled, and self-centered. Elnora, to pretend that she is not beginning to fall for Philip, helps him to write letters to Edith Carr and in every way encourages his marriage to his childhood friend. When Philip, after daily, prolonged conversation and fieldwork discovers his romantic interest in Elnora is growing, Mrs. Comstock is the first to notice, but he assures her, "I admire her as I admire any perfect creation." Mrs. Comstock replies, "And nothing in all this world spoils the average girl so quickly and so surely." Philip Ammon is forced to return to Chicago when his father is ill, and begs of Elnora a farewell kiss; she refuses him and returns to her mother, broken-hearted. Philip and Edith have an argument at what was supposed to be their engagement party. Edith has heard Philip talk about a wonderful young lady he met in the Limberlost. She insults him terribly and calls their engagement off (not for the first time). Philip realizes he will never love Edith, leaves home, and proposes to Elnora. On the very afternoon that he gives Elnora an engagement ring, Edith drives up (accompanied by Hart, Polly, and Tom) to the Comstocks' home, in an uninvited visit. When Edith demands to speak to Elnora privately and swears that Elnora will never take Philip from her, Elnora is cool and polite. After Edith and the group, including Philip, leave, Elnora secretly takes off, leaving a note behind showing nothing of her plans and giving Edith the chance to prove that Philip would marry no one else. Elnora travels to stay with the O'Mores (Freckles and the Angel). Philip becomes ill with worry about Elnora. Edith's friend Hart sees Elnora with the O'Mores and convinces Edith to let him send word to Philip of Elnora's whereabouts. Hart persuades Edith to admit that she is wrong and that Philip will marry no one except Elnora. The story ends happily with the joyful reunion, and Edith, determined to change her previously less than noble disposition, does something absolutely wonderful, uncharacteristic, and humble: She finds the moth that Elnora needs, carefully captures it, and brings it to her. In the denouement, it is implied that Edith will marry Hart, just as Philip will marry Elnora. == Characters == The central character of Stratton-Porter's previous novel, Freckles, is a man whose job it is to patrol and guard valuable timber trees in the Limberlost Swamp. Freckles appears in Girl of the Limberlost as a friend of Elnora. In the film Freckles is an owl. This partial list of characters is taken from the novel, p. xiv. * Elnora, who collects moths to pay for her education, and lives the Golden Rule * Philip Ammon, who assists in moth hunting, and gains a new conception of love * Mrs. Comstock, who lost a delusion and found a treasure * Wesley Sinton, who always did his best * Margaret Sinton, who "mothers" Elnora * Billy, a boy from real life * Edith Carr, who discovers herself * Polly Ammon, who pays an old score * Tom Levering, engaged to Polly * Terence O'More, Freckles grown tall * The Bird Woman, a friend of Elnora (who stands in for Gene Stratton-Porter herself) ==Character development== Five characters undergo rather harsh development of character: Katharine Comstock, Margaret Sinton, Philip Ammon, Edith Carr, and Elnora herself. * Elnora grows from an obedient, if faintly resentful, teenaged high school girl to a strong woman who is confident in her own abilities. She risks her much-hoped-for engagement to Philip Ammon, to give Edith Carr every chance to marry him. * Katharine Comstock has always belittled and neglected her daughter Elnora. At first, she seems a stock wicked mother, but soon proves to show a great sense of humor and a love of reading, especially the works of Mark Twain. She begins to change while Elnora changes, simply by maturing. Mrs. Comstock, always antagonistically honest, deceives Elnora about purchasing new dresses for Commencement; Elnora considers this an unforgivable betrayal, a sign of her mother's disregard and lack of love for her. That night, Elnora must find a good dress elsewhere. Mrs. Comstock attends the school ceremony, feels faint when she sees how all the other students are beautifully dressed, and begins to think about her own failings: :Mrs. Comstock was dumbfounded. ... Would Elnora lead the procession in a gingham dress? Or would she be absent and her chair vacant on this great occasion? For now, Mrs. Comstock could see that it was a great occasion. ... For the first time in her life, Mrs. Comstock began to study herself as she would appear to others. Katharine Comstock undergoes, and suffers, a true change in character. * Margaret Sinton turns from a sweet, timid woman into a rightful avenger when she discovers that Mrs. Comstock struck Elnora in the face; the Sintons have lost two small girls to disease, and they treat Elnora as another child, or at least as a niece. Maggie Sinton furiously tells Mrs. Comstock what Katharine has never wanted to know: that her husband, Robert Comstock, was preparing to cheat on her the night that he died. * Philip Ammon has always assumed that he must marry his childhood sweetheart, Edith Carr. After meeting Elnora, he realizes that there are many forms of love, and that he has never asked what he might want in a marriage for himself. * Edith Carr has always assumed that she will marry her childhood sweetheart, Philip, but she loves to tease him and make him jealous. She knows that she is much beloved by a strong man, Hart Henderson, but she enjoys jeering at his love for her. In the end, she confesses that Elnora is a stronger and more lovable woman than she herself is, and decides that she will stay with Hart. ==Reception== Widely read and popular, the novel brought fame to Stratton- Porter. The full text of the book is available online in many places, such as at ClassicReader.com. The New York Times called the novel "eminent.". Patricia Raub, in a survey of women in novels during that decade, said, Another reviewer wrote that In an essay, Joan Aiken mentioned the description of Elnora's lunchbox as a good example of detail in writing. ==Adaptations== The novel was adapted several times for film, with versions released in 1924, 1934 and 1945. A 1990 made-for-TV version differed most from the original plot. * 1924: A Girl of the Limberlost, starring Gloria Grey; produced by Gene Stratton Porter Productions, distributed by Film Booking Offices of America * 1934: A Girl of the Limberlost, starring Marian Marsh; produced by Monogram Pictures *1938: Romance of the Limberlost, starring Jean Parker; produced by Monogram Pictures ==References== == External links == * A Girl of the Limberlost, Indiana University Press. . *Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost *Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost, University of Virginia Library, online text * Movie versions: * * * * Category:1909 American novels Category:American novels adapted into films Category:Novels set in Indiana Category:Grosset & Dunlap books Category:Novels by Gene Stratton- Porter Category:Novels set in swamps
42544535	A Boy Without a Girl	"A Boy Without a Girl" is a song written by Sid Jacobson and Ruth Sexton and performed by Frankie Avalon. The song reached #10 on the Billboard Top 100 in 1959. It wad performed by Avalon in the 1964 film, Muscle Beach Party. The song was arranged by Peter De Angelis. The song was ranked No. 82 on Billboard magazine's Top Hot 100 songs of 1959. ==Other versions== *Terry Dene released a version as a single in the United Kingdom in August 1959. *Jimmy Crawford released a version as a single in the United Kingdom in May 1962. *Ronnie Hilton released a version as the B-side to his single "Rocky Old Boat" in the United Kingdom in December 1965. ==References== Category:1959 songs Category:1959 singles Category:1962 singles Category:Frankie Avalon songs Category:Decca Records singles Category:Columbia Records singles Category:Chancellor Records singles Category:Songs written by Sid Jacobson
42546120	A Grupė	The A Grupė is highest level of women's volleyball club tournament in Lithuania. Current champions is Achema-KKSC from Jonava. == History == From 1935 to 1943 Volleyball Championships of Kaunas City was held. First national- wide championships were held in 1947. Teams from Kaunas won the most titles.LSE == Teams == Name City Achema-KKSC Jonava Heksa Kaunas SM Tauras VTC Vilnius TK LSU Kaunas == References == == External links == * Lithuanian Volleyball Federation * Lithuanian League. women.volleybox.net Category:Volleyball leagues in Lithuania Lithuania Lithuania
42583351	A House in the Sky	A House in the Sky is a 2013 memoir by Amanda Lindhout, co-written with the journalist Sara Corbett. It recounts Lindhout's experience in southern Somalia as a hostage of teenage militants from the Hizbul Islam fundamentalist group. The book was a New York Times bestseller in 2013. It also won the 2014 CBC Bookie Award for Best Canadian Nonfiction and was nominated for the 2014 Libris Award for best non-fiction book of 2013. The book was optioned in 2014 by Megan Ellison in order to create a screen adaptation of the work. Rooney Mara will play Lindhout in the film version. ==References== Category:2013 non- fiction books Category:Canadian autobiographies Category:Books about Somalia Category:Autobiographies adapted into films Category:Charles Scribner's Sons books
42585025	A Grande Vitória	A Grande Vitória (English: The Great Victory) is a 2014 Brazilian sports drama film based on the book Aprendiz de Samurai by Max Trombini. This film adaptation was directed by Stefano Capuzzi Lapietra. Starring Caio Castro and Sabrina Sato, it tells the true story of the judoka Max Trombini, who had a humble and troubled childhood. Through judo, the boy becomes involved with martial arts principles and thus learn to settle down emotionally and starts building a career, becoming one of the greatest judo coaches in Brazil. ==Plot== Max Trombini had a humble and troubled childhood. Abandoned by the father when still young, he was raised by his mother and grandfather, who died when he was 11 years old. Disgusted, he began to get in all sorts of trouble in his hometown, Ubatuba, and then in Bastos, where he lived. It was through learning martial arts, particularly judo, through which he managed to level out emotionally and build a career. ==Cast== * Caio Castro as Max Trombini **Felipe Falanga as young Max * Sabrina Sato as Alice * Suzana Pires as Tereza Maximiano * Tato Gabus Mendes as Sensei Josino * Domingos Montagner as César Trombini * Moacyr Franco as Benedito Maximiano * Ratinho (Carlos Massa) as Carlão * Felipe Folgosi como Flávio * Rosi Campos como Principal Célia * Tuna Dwek como Maria José * Max Trombini como as Mr. Ariovaldo, Max's teacher * Ênio Gonçalves * Ken Kaneco ==Production== In order to play the judoka Max Trombini, Caio used his own experience in the sport. He practiced judo as a child, but he didn't get very far in terms of graduation. Some scenes of the film were filmed at the traditional academy Vila Sônia, in São Paulo. It was there that the Olympic champion Aurélio Miguel began practicing the sport and where Caio made an immersion with renowned technicians as the masters Massao and Luiz Shinohara, current men's team coach. Trombini himself plays Ariovaldo, Max's P.E. teacher at school and one of his judo trainers. ==References== == External links == * Category:2014 films Category:2010s sports drama films Category:Brazilian biographical drama films Category:2014 biographical drama films Category:2010s martial arts films Category:Films shot in São Paulo Category:Brazilian sports drama films Category:2014 directorial debut films Category:2014 drama films
42723952	A Deeper Love	"A Deeper Love" is a song written by American producers Robert Clivillés and David Cole, and performed by them as Clivillés & Cole featuring vocals by Deborah Cooper and Paul Pesco. The song was the duo's fifth number-one on the US Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. On other US charts, "A Deeper Love" peaked at number 83 on the soul singles chart and number 44 on the pop chart. Overseas, especially in Europe the single charted higher, going to number 15 in the UK and number eight on the Dutch Top 40. Originally, Clivilles & Cole released an LP-single A-side that had their version of U2's "Pride (In the Name of Love)" which peaked at number six on the US dance chart as well as peaking at number 54 on the Billboard Hot 100. ==Critical reception== Clark and DeVaney from Cash Box wrote, "This single is your basic "house, club- styled" cut that will easily find its way into the club scene after the buzz starts. The "Radio Edit Remix" has a lot more sounds in it, and would be preferred for radio play." Pan-European magazine Music & Media commented, that here, C&C; Music Factory "do what the Pet Shop Boys ("Where The Streets Have No Name") did before them—adapt a song of world's leading rock band U2 and take it to the dance floor. The gospel-framed arrangement makes their version particularly interesting." Andy Beevers from Music Week said that "just when "Pride" has dropped from the charts, its B-side (which was the track most DJs were playing anyway) re-appears as a single in its own right. The brand new 12 minute long Deeper Feeling remix, executed by C&C; themselves. is even more anthemic than the original and is strong enough to take the song back into the Top 40. Well, it worked for "Black And White"." Jonathan Bernstein from Spin wrote, "Criminally, Clivilles & Cole's epic "A Deeper Love" saw little chart action. No other record this year delivered as phenomenally in terms of dynamic performance. In this instance, the public failed." In 2004, Slant Magazine ranked the song number five in their list of "The 100 Greatest Dance Songs of All Time". In 2020, the magazine placed it at number 16 in their list of "The 100 Best Dance Songs of All Time". ==Music video== The music video for these songs was actually one long featurette, beginning with "Deeper Love" and then continuing into "Pride (In The Name Of Love)" halfway through the video. The video was labelled "Pride (A Deeper Love)". ==Track listing== ==Charts== Weekly chart performance for "A Deeper Love" Chart (1992) Peak position Australia (ARIA) 85 Europe (Eurochart Hot 100) 42 Europe (European Dance Radio) 4 Finland (IFPI) 3 Spain (AFYVE) 9 UK Dance (Music Week) 2 US Hot Dance Club Play (Billboard) 1 ==Aretha Franklin version== In 1994, American singer and songwriter Aretha Franklin covered "A Deeper Love" featuring a backing vocal by Lisa Fischer; this version was also produced by Clivillés & Cole and was later released on January 31, 1994, by Arista Records as the lead single of her Greatest Hits (1980–1994) collection. The Aretha Franklin version also went to number one on the US dance charts for two weeks. On other US charts, "A Deeper Love" went to number 30 on the soul singles chart and number 63 on the Hot 100 as well as being featured in a special remix played over the end credits to Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit. The song was also nominated for a Grammy Award in the category for Best Female R&B; Vocal Performance, but lost to "Breathe Again" by Toni Braxton. ===Critical reception=== Larry Flick from Billboard wrote that the massive 1992 club hit for Clivillés & Cole "gets a dynamic, melodramatic reading from the Queen of Soul", describing it as "gospel-soaked" and stating further that the album version "sticks fairly close in style to the original record, with myriad remixes traveling down a variety of more current, trend-conscious roads. C & C deliver an abundance of slammin' sounds that are over-the-top enough to keep up with La Franklin's vocal." Alexis Petridis from The Guardian deemed it a "great excursion into house music", noting that "picking up on the religious undercurrent of the lyrics, she shifts from scat singing to fervent gospel sermonising". Pan-European magazine Music & Media commented, "What would good old Jerry Wexler think of this? The Queen of the Atlantic soul now offers her services to C&C;'s dance hit factory." NOS/Hilversum DJ/producer Tom Blomberg was continually struck by Franklin's "incredible gospel-esque" vocals. He said, "That dance groove is still very acceptable for radio. Besides, it's no longer 1967, technique has developed since then, so why wouldn't she benefit from that?" Andy Beevers from Music Week rated the song five out of five, stating that it "manages to be even more uplifting" than the 1992 original, and "has all the hallmarks of a big hit." Karen Holmes from The Network Forty felt that here, the singer "waves her magical wand again with a brilliant rendition that transcends any format restrictions. Taking the best of what we remember her for, then adding a little more spice than in recent projects, this track targets all demos." Tony Cross from Smash Hits gave Franklin's version three out of five, writing that "the grandmother of soul has belted it out big style. It's just what you'd expect, a real soul sisters' smash with gospel girls that have thrown away their hymn sheets for something fun and funky. Go for it, grandma." ===Impact and legacy=== "A Deeper Love" was awarded one of ASCAP's Rhythm & Soul Awards in 1995. Fact ranked the song number five in their list of "21 Diva-House Belters That Still Sound Incredible" in 2014. Billboard ranked it number 42 in their list of "Best LGBTQ Anthems of All Time" in 2022. ===Accolades=== |- |1995 || "A Deeper Love" || Grammy Award for Best Female R&B; Vocal Performance || |- ===Track listings=== ===Charts=== ====Weekly charts==== Weekly chart performance for "A Deeper Love" Chart (1994) Peak position Belgium (Ultratop Flanders) 15 Europe (Eurochart Hot 100) 12 Europe (European Dance Radio) 2 Finland (Suomen virallinen lista) 12 France (SNEP) 34 Germany (Official German Charts) 78 Iceland (Íslenski Listinn Topp 40) 13 Ireland (IRMA) 30 Netherlands (Dutch Top 40) 31 Netherlands (Single Top 100) 34 Scotland (OCC) 24 Spain (AFYVE) 7 UK Singles (OCC) 5 UK Dance (Music Week) 1 UK Club Chart (Music Week) 1 US Hot Dance Club Play (Billboard) 1 US Cash Box Top 100 56 ====Year-end charts==== Year-end chart performance for "A Deeper Love" Chart (1994) Position UK Singles (OCC) 100 UK Club Chart (Music Week) 25 US Hot Dance Music Club/Play (Billboard) 4 == What Can We Do (A Deeper Love) == "What Can We Do (A Deeper Love)" is a song by Dutch disc jockey and producer Tiësto with uncredited vocals from American singer Anastacia. It was released on December 27, 2011, in the Netherlands. It is the second single from the Tiësto mixed compilation Club Life, Vol. 2 - Miami. But, it's the Third Party remix of the song which is included in the album. === Background and release === Tiësto and Anastacia sampled the Aretha Franklin version of "A Deeper Love" to use the chorus in their song. The song was featured in commercials for Škoda Auto. Anastacia later released a solo version during the summer of 2012. === Music video === The music video premiered on Tiësto's official YouTube channel on January 20, 2012. === Track listing === Digital download (MF038) # "What Can We Do (A Deeper Love)" (Radio Mix) – 3:48 # "What Can We Do (A Deeper Love)" (Third Party Remix) – 6:26 # "What Can We Do (A Deeper Love)" (Extended Mix) – 5:56 Digital download / Anastacia's 2012 solo pop version (BMG) # "What Can We Do (Deeper Love)" – 3:26 ==Other cover versions== *In 2012 the EDM band Apollo 440 released a version of the song titled "A Deeper Dub" on their album "The Future's What It Used To Be". *In 2015 house producer Jauz released a remake of the song. With no additional vocals, just a change of genre. *In 2017, Riton, MNEK, & The House Gospel Choir covered the chorus in their track "Deeper." *In 2018, Berlin based producer and composer Tinush used Aretha's vocal samples to produce his version "Struggle". *In 2019, Melanie C performed the song on her global Pride tour. ==See also== * List of number-one dance singles of 1992 (U.S.) * List of number-one dance singles of 1994 (U.S.) ==References== Category:1991 singles Category:1994 singles Category:Aretha Franklin songs Category:Music Week number-one dance singles Category:Songs written by Robert Clivillés Category:Dance-pop songs Category:House music songs Category:Songs written for films Category:1991 songs Category:Songs written by David Cole (record producer) Category:2011 songs Category:2011 singles Category:Tiësto songs Category:Songs written by Tiësto Category:Anastacia songs Category:Songs written by Anastacia
42787451	A Boy Called H	is a 2013 Japanese war drama film directed by Yasuo Furuhata. It is based on the book by Kappa Senoh, translated into English by John Bester. ==Cast== *Yutaka Mizutani *Ran Ito *Tatsuki Yoshioka ==Reception== ===Box office=== The film grossed US$15.3 million in Japan. ===Accolades=== It was chosen as the 7th best Japanese film of 2013 by the film magazine Eiga Geijutsu. Award Date Category Recipients and nominees Result Japan Academy Prize 7 March 2014 Best Film A Boy Called H Best Art 中澤克巳 Best Newcomer Tatsuki Yoshioka ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2013 films Category:2013 war drama films Category:Films directed by Yasuo Furuhata Category:Japanese war drama films Category:Toho films Category:2013 drama films Category:Films scored by Yoshihiro Ike Category:Japanese World War II films Category:2010s Japanese films
42795124	A Five Star Life	A Five Star Life (, also known as I Travel Alone) is a 2013 Italian comedy- drama film directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi. For her performance, Margherita Buy won the David di Donatello for Best Actress. The film also won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Comedy. == Cast == * Margherita Buy: Irene * Stefano Accorsi: Andrea * Fabrizia Sacchi: Silvia * Gianmarco Tognazzi: Tommaso * Alessia Barela: Fabiana * Lesley Manville: Kate Sherman * Henry Arnold: Director ==Accolades== List of Accolades Award / Film Festival Category Recipient(s) Result 67th Silver Ribbon Awards Best Comedy Maria Sole Tognazzi Best Producer Donatella Botti Best Story Ivan Cotroneo Francesca Marciano and Maria Sole Tognazzi Best Actress Margherita Buy Best Supporting Actress Fabrizia Sacchi Best Costumes Daniela Ciancio 58th David di Donatello Awards Best Script Ivan Cotroneo Francesca Marciano and Maria Sole Tognazzi Best Actress Margherita Buy Best Supporting Actor Stefano Accorsi Best Supporting Actress Fabrizia Sacchi Best Editing Walter Fasano 28th Ciak d'oro Best Actress Margherita Buy Best Supporting Actor Stefano Accorsi Best Screenwriter Ivan Cotroneo, Francesca Marciano and Maria Sole Tognazzi ==References== ==External links== * Category:2013 films Category:Italian comedy-drama films Category:2013 comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi Category:Films set in hotels
42819794	A Korean Tiger	A Korean Tiger is the twenty-sixth novel in the long-running Nick Carter- Killmaster series of spy novels. Carter is a US secret agent, code-named N-3, with the rank of Killmaster. He works for AXE – a secret arm of the US intelligence services. ==Publishing history== The book was first published in 1967 (Number A248X) by Award Books part of the Beacon-Signal division of Universal Publishing and Distributing Corporation (New York, USA), part of the Conde Nast Publications Inc. The novel was written by Manning Lee Stokes.Serial Vigilantes of Paperback Fiction: An Encyclopedia from Able Team to Z-Comm. Bradley Mengel. 2009. Copyright was registered on 14 August 1967.Catalog of Copyright Entries. Third Series: 1967: July–December. By Library of Congress. Copyright Office, p2023 ==Plot summary== The novel is set in June 1966. Carter is recuperating at his private lodge in Indiana when he is summoned by AXE chief, David Hawk, to uncover a traitor within the organization. Hawk reveals that Raymond Lee Bennett – a minor civil servant working in AXE – has apparently murdered his wife and disappeared only a few weeks after his retirement. His wife's body was discovered in a secret basement room in their house. Further background checks reveals that Bennett has a photographic memory and is capable of recalling every classified document he has had access to in the last 30 years. AXE fears that Russian and Chinese intelligence agencies also intend to capture Bennett to exploit his knowledge. The FBI traces Bennett to Cologne. Carter follows with orders to get Bennett dead or alive. He tracks Bennett to the Hotel Dom. Carter breaks into Bennett's room intending to kill him. Instead he discovers the bodies of a Chinese and Russian agent. Bennett and his female companion have escaped. Carter traces their steps over the rooftops of buildings adjacent to the hotel and discovers the body of his German AXE contact. Carter allows himself to be captured by three Russian agents on his tail. Carter is tortured in a warehouse by Colonel Zoe Kalinski – a sadistic MGB agent. She is only interested in finding Bennett and the Yellow Widow – a known Chinese agent and the woman with whom Bennett has escaped. Under duress, Carter gives a false location for the Yellow Widow's hideout. Carter escapes from the Russian agents and attempts to pick up the trail of Bennett and the Yellow Widow. Carter suspects that the Yellow Widow and Bennett will try to enter China through North Korea. AXE agents stake out the ports of South Korea. Carter picks up the trail again in Pusan where a disguised Bennett and Yellow Widow intend to take the train to Seoul. Zoe Kalinski and her Russian colleagues have followed Carter to Pusan. They board the train and capture Carter. Carter escapes and immediately attempts to capture the Yellow Widow and Bennett in their train compartment. The train is halted by bandits loyal to the Yellow Widow. The Yellow Widow and Bennett escape and run down the tracks. The Yellow Widow is killed in crossfire and Bennett falls down the embankment. Carter captures him and together they head into the Korean hinterland. They stumble upon the bandits' secret hideout. Carter steals some weapons and rigs booby traps to surprise the bandits when they return from besieging the train. Carter sets the camp on fire which attracts the attention of Jimmy Kim and Pok who have been searching the environs of the train for him in a spotter plane. The plane crash-lands. While Carter goes to help the crew Bennett escapes but is attacked and killed by a tiger. Carter, Kim and Pok walk back to the nearest town. ==Main characters== * Nick Carter – agent N-3, AXE * David Hawk – head of AXE; Carter's boss, * Raymond Lee Bennett – retired former AXE clerk * Zoe Kalinski – Colonel, MGB * Yellow Widow – aka Madame Hsu Tzu Tsai; real name Chung; half-Korean, half-Chinese spy * Jimmy Kim – AXE agent, South Korea * Pok – Korean orphan; Kim's assistant ==References== Category:1967 American novels Category:Nick Carter-Killmaster novels Category:Novels set in Korea Category:Novels set in the 1960s
42827102	A Little Bit of Love	A Little Bit of Love may refer to: *A Little Bit of Love (album), 1974 *"A Little Bit of Love" (Andreas Johnson song), 2007 *"A Little Bit of Love" (RuPaul song), 1997 *"A Little Bit of Love" (Weezer song), 2022 *"Little Bit of Love" (Free song), 1972 *"Little Bit of Love" (Kesha song), 2020 *"Little Bit of Love" (Tom Grennan song), 2021 *"Little Bit of Love", a 1992 song by Celine Dion from Celine Dion *"Little Bit of Love", a 2019 song by Tritonal featuring Rachel Platten ==See also== *"Just a Little Bit of Love", a 1997 song by Celine Dion from Let's Talk About Love
42827200	A Little Learning	A Little Learning may refer to: * A Little Learning (Super Mario World), an episode of Super Mario World * A Little Learning (book), Evelyn Waugh's unfinished autobiography
42835457	A Cat, a Mouse and a Bell	A Cat, a Mouse and a Bell is a 1935 American animated short film, part of the Color Rhapsodies series. ==Summary== Sniffles the mouse and his friend "The Book Worm" are harassed by a cat. They figure that by belling the cat (partly true) they could hear him coming and eliminate the element of surprise. Sniffles shows great courage and succeeds. ==References== Category:1935 animated films Category:1930s animated short films Category:American animated short films Category:1930s American animated films Category:Columbia Pictures short films Category:1935 short films Category:Animated films about cats Category:Animated films about mice Category:Screen Gems short films Category:Columbia Pictures animated short films Category:Color Rhapsody
42849699	A Kitty Bobo Show	A Kitty Bobo Show is an American animated pilot created by Kevin Kaliher and Meaghan Dunn, and produced by and for; Cartoon Network Studios (Cartoon Network). The pilot revolves around the eponymous character, Kitty Bobo (Dante Basco), as he tries to prove his coolness to his friends. The premise is roughly based on Dunn's life as a Korean adoptee; the main character had previously been featured in a comic strip by Dunn titled Kimchi Girl. The pilot aired on August 17, 2001, on the network as part of their Big Pick competition, a marathon of ten pilots with viewers selecting one to be produced for the network's fall 2002 season; the series lost second place to Codename: Kids Next Door. ==Synopsis== The pilot episode is titled "Cellphones". Kitty Bobo is riding the subway to Pochee's Diner, where his friends, Paul Dog, Maggie and Monkey Carl, are waiting for him. Outside the dinner, Kitty Bobo pretends to talk to someone on his new cell phone to make his friends jealous. Once inside, boasts about it, shows off his ringtone, "The Kitty Bobo Kool Kustom Ringer Song", and refuses to reveal where he got the phone from. Maggie tells Kitty Bobo that everyone has a cellphone, but Paul corrects her: "Everyone, except us." Maggie asks if people will go to the movies with her. Paul and Monkey Carl say they cannot, and Kitty Bobo is still on his phone. Maggie, angry about her friend's distraction, grabs Kitty Bobo and drags him into the movie theater. She is excited for the movie, "Blood Sucking Babies", as she has been waiting all summer to see it. Kitty Bobo's cell phone rings in the theater. Maggie, angry with Kitty Bobo, tells him to turn off the phone, since they're at the movies. He puts it on vibrate mode. However, the cellphone continues to vibrate throughout the movie. Maggie slaps him and his phone flies out of his pocket. He runs to the front of the theater to get it, and answers his phone in front of the screen. Everybody gets angry and throws food at him, and he is kicked out of the theater. That night, Kitty Bobo meets up with Paul, again. Kitty Bobo tries to prove that he is cooler than Garfitti, since he has a phone. He calls Paul through a payphone and tells Garfitti, that's his honey. When he thinks Garfitti walked away, he tells Paul that the plan worked, even though Garfitti hears them, and hits Paul away from the phone and calls Paul "Honey." He gets on Paul's payphone, and talks to Kitty Bobo, telling that he is there with his Honey. He also tells Kitty Bobo that he will never be cool even if he has a cell phone. The next morning, while on his bike, Kitty Bobo calls Maggie and tells her that he is downtown. Maggie tells him to stop talking about his cellphone and makes plans to meet up with him later in the day. He calls Paul and also makes plans to meet up with him at Pochee's. He texts Monkey Carl, who asks Kitty Bobo what he's doing. He tells Monkey Carl that he is just being cool, but since he's not watching the road he accidentally rides into a construction site and crashes his bike through the wall. He screams in horror when he realizes his cell phone is broken. He goes to Pochee's Diner and tells his friends the bad news. He then realizes that almost everybody, including his friends, has a cell phone. The story ends with him, screaming in horror, again, as the camera zooms out to show everybody with cell phones. ==Characters== * Kitty Bobo (voiced by Dante Basco) – A 19–21-year-old brown cat, who is the main character, Kitty Bobo is always trying to be fashionable, act cool before others, and become popular. Nevertheless, his awkward attempts to do so and his lack of consciousness of the world around him, constantly bring embarrassment to him and his friends, mostly for Maggie who considers Kitty Bobo's clueless personality a real nuisance. Despite being a cat, Kitty Bobo was raised by a couple of dogs "Mr. and Mrs. Bobo" whom he has a typical parents-child relationship. * Maggie (voiced by Lela Lee) – A 19–21-year-old pink cat, who is one of Kitty Bobo's best and closest friends. Maggie is down- to-earth, moody, mature, hard to impress and somehow apathetic. Maggie is constantly annoyed by Kitty Bobo's awkward attempts to become cool and acts as the voice of reason in most of the cases. Nevertheless, despite Kitty's immaturity, Maggie might be somehow interested in Kitty Bobo, as Paul suggested by saying "You two have a good time", before She and kitty Bobo entered in a cinema alone. Maggie works in an office company; she loves horror movies and is a fan of punctuality. * Paul Dog (voiced by Chris Williams) – A 19–21-year-old dog, who is one of Kitty Bobo's best and closest friends. Paul is laid back, easy going, he likes to stay in his comfort zone and cares little for what others think of him. Just as Maggie, he is irritated by Kitty Bobo's awkwardness, but in contrast to Maggie he is willing to help Kitty Bobo in his plans to impress others. * Monkey Carl (voiced by Nick Jameson) – A 19–21-year-old monkey, who is one of Kitty Bobo's best and closest friends. Carl is lethargic, dispassionate, and the quietest of the group, but is constantly surprised by Kitty Bobo's lack of judgment. He likes computers and staying at home, he also has a very curious accent. ==Production== thumb|left|Concept art by Meaghan Dunn, featuring the main characters (see image details for character identification). A Kitty Bobo Show was created by Kevin Kaliher and Meaghan Dunn; both were married as well as Korean adoptees. Kaliher graduated from the California Institute of the Arts and was hired by Cartoon Network to work as a storyboard artist on Dexter's Laboratory and The Powerpuff Girls. Dunn, an adoptee of American-Jewish parents, based the main character on her life experiences as an immigrant. In years prior to making the pilot, she had started a nonprofit organization for helping adopted children locate their biological parents. The character of Kitty Bobo had also been featured a comic strip by Dunn titled Kimchi Girl, which had been published in Korean Quarterly since its inception in 1997. Kaliher felt much of the impetus for the pilot came while searching for his birth family in Korea. However, Dunn later remarked that the pilot "had nothing to do with" her life. The pilot was optioned by The Walt Disney Company before being turned down. Cartoon Network first approached Dunn in Los Angeles, then a comic shop employee who had just moved in. The network, impressed by her work in independent comics, which had spread through word of mouth, landed her a job at Cartoon Network Studios, and a few years later, she and Kaliher produced the pilot. ==Broadcast and reception== A Kitty Bobo Show aired on August 17, 2001, on Cartoon Network as part of their Big Pick competition, a marathon of ten pilots with viewers selecting one to be produced for the network's fall 2002 season. More than 200,000 votes were cast during the marathon, with 50,000 more being entered online. The pilot earned second place, losing to the pilot episode of Codename: Kids Next Door. Editors of KoreAm reported that Korean-American adoptees would be able to see a reflection of themselves in the pilot. In a retrospective review of the show, Amid Amidi of the animation entertainment blog Cartoon Brew wrote that, relative to pilots produced by the network, Kitty Bobo had "some potential". He regarded its color styling and "appealing design" to be most memorable, while recalling it to have "decent storytelling" as well. Also writing retrospectively, Adam Finley of AOL TV, stated that, while "not side-splitting by any means," the pilot contained a few comedic elements. He praised the art style, contrasting it from other Cartoon Network programming. He ultimately opined that the short did not deserve to win, but that it would provide "a little more variety in style" for the network. ==Legacy== A storyboard for the second episode had been fully produced and completed in 2002, and it was ordered by Cartoon Network itself; in its plot Kitty Bobo is kicked out of his home and moves in with Monkey Carl (he proves to be a poor guest). Had the series been picked up, A Kitty Bobo Show would be the first to have a woman as a creator and showrunner (before Julie McNally Cahill as co-creator of My Gym Partner's a Monkey, Rebecca Sugar as sole creator of Steven Universe and Julia Pott as the creator of Summer Camp Island). Dunn divorced Kaliher in 2005 and moved to the East Coast along with her daughter to work as creative director for a 3D pharmaceutical studio in Baltimore. In fall of 2005, Kaliher pitched to Walt Disney Television Animation a pilot's revised version, with the characters a bit younger. Kaliher released a 50-page bible in 2006, exploring the Kitty Bobo universe in more depth. Kaliher has since left the animation industry to pursue a career in software development. Dunn returned in August 2010 to her hometown of Bucks County, Pennsylvania, to start her own animation and graphic-design company named Dunnamic. Following a stream of strictly commercial work, she created an idea for another animated series titled Chloe and the Stars. Dunn kept files from her work at Cartoon Network on a hard drive, which needed to be repaired before they could be retrieved. With her company no longer a startup, she and her employees developed the final designs for the characters of Chloe and the Stars and storyboarded its pilot. Upon receiving an animatic of the pilot, Frederator Studios agreed to donate and promote the series on Kickstarter. As a perk for donating $75 or more to the series, backers would have receive the storyboard for the second episode of Kitty Bobo. It was later promoted as a "Staff Pick" on the website. However, it only made $11,623 out of its $35,000 goal. Dunn moved the project to Indiegogo but it made even less money than on Kickstarter since it made $831 out of its $10,000 goal. ==References== ==Further reading== * * ==External links== * * at Fairpark Studio * * Category:Cartoon Network Studios pilots and shorts Category:Television pilots not picked up as a series Category:Korean- American culture
42872081	A Friend So Lovely as You	A Friend So Lovely as You (German: ) is an operetta by Will Meisel to a libretto by Willy Rosen and Marcel Lion. It premiered at the on 19 September 1930.Grange p. 343 The same year, it was turned into a film with Anny Ondra, Felix Bressart and Adele Sandrock, directed by Carl Lamac; the title song was performed by Zarah Leander. ==References== ==Bibliography== * Grange, William. Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Scarecrow Press, 2008. Category:Operas by Will Meisel Category:1930 operas Category:German-language operettas Category:Operas
43020057	A Feather on the Breath of God	A Feather on the Breath of God is an album of sacred vocal music written in the 12th century by the German abbess Hildegard of Bingen, and recorded by British vocal ensemble Gothic Voices with English soprano Emma Kirkby. It was released by the Hyperion Records label in 1982. National Recording Registry Retrieved 8 January 2023. ==Production== It was recorded in St. Jude's Church, Hampstead Garden Suburb, London, on 14 September 1981.A Feather on the Breath of God CD back cover. The music and Latin texts are from a contemporary medieval manuscript (Wiesbaden, Hessische Landesbibliothek M52) edited by Dr. Christopher Page, who also directed the recorded performance itself. Hyperion Records Retrieved 11 June 2014. ==Notes== It is an album of early medieval plainchant of which the title is taken from a passage in Hildegard's writings in which she describes herself: > Listen: there was once a king sitting on his throne. Around him stood great > and wonderfully beautiful columns ornamented with ivory, bearing the banners > of the king with great honour. Then it pleased the king to raise a small > feather from the ground and he commanded it to fly. The feather flew, not > because of anything in itself but because the air bore it along. Thus am I > '"A feather on the breath of God."A Feather on the Breath of God CD booklet, > p. 2. ==Accolades== The album received the Early-Medieval Gramophone Award for 1982–1983.Presto Classical ==Legacy== In 2020, the album was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the National Recording Registry for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant". The recording of "O Euchari" was sampled on "The Sun Rising" by The Beloved, and "Belfast" by Orbital. ==Track listing== All compositions (sequences and hymns) written by Hildegard of Bingen. #“Columba aspexit” (5:18) #“Ave, generosa” (4:36) #“O ignis spiritus” (4:48) #“O Ierusalem” (8:02) #“O Euchari” (5:43) #“O viridissima virga” (3:13) #“O presul vere civitatis” (6:12) #“O Ecclesia” (6:11) ==Personnel== ===Musicians=== *Emma Kirkby – soprano *Emily Van Evera – soprano *Poppy Holden – soprano *Judith Stell – soprano *Margaret Philpot – contralto *Andrew Parrott – tenor *Kevin Breen – tenor *Howard Milner – tenor *Doreen Muskett – symphony *Robert White – reed drones *Christopher Page – director ===Recording and production personnel=== *Tony Faulkner – recording engineer *Martin Compton – recording producer *Terry Shannon – front design *Edward Perry – executive producer ==References== Category:Christian chant albums Category:Western plainchant Category:Early music albums Category:1982 albums Category:Gramophone Award winners Category:Hildegard of Bingen Category:United States National Recording Registry recordings Category:United States National Recording Registry albums
43196724	A Child Is Born (album)	A Child Is Born is an album of Christmas carols by pianist Geri Allen with vocalists recorded in 2011 and released on the Motéma label.Geri Allen catalog, accessed July 2, 2014 == Reception == AllMusic awarded the album 4 stars, stating, "this is a holiday collection for the more adventurous jazz piano fan, rather than for someone looking for a safe, warm, and fuzzy set of jazzed-up Christmas tunes".Ruhlmann, W., Allmusic Review accessed June 30, 2014 The Guardian review by John Fordham awarded the album 3 stars, noting, "Wherever you're coming from, this remains the work of a gifted improviser exploring timelessly haunting songs".Fordham, J., The Guardian Review, December 23, 2011 PopMatters reviewer Josh Langhoff said, "Geri Allen’s mostly-solo, mostly-jazz-piano album A Child Is Born flows through traditional Christmas songs and hymns with much facility, some invention, and a couple of surprises"Langhoff, J., PopMatters Review, December 11, 2011 == Track listing == All compositions Traditional except where noted. # "Angels We Have Heard On High" – 4:24 # "A Child Is Born" (Thad Jones, Alec Wilder) – 3:43 # "Imagining Gena at Sunrise" – 1:10 # "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel" – 7:31 # "Journey to Bethlehem" (Geri Allen) – 1:12 # "We Three Kings" (John Henry Hopkins, Jr." – 5:08 # "Little Drummer Boy" (Katherine Kennicott Davis) – 5:00 # "God Is With Us" (Allen) – 2:16 # "Amazing Grace" (John Newton/Traditional) – 2:43 # "Christmas Medley: Away in a Manger/What Child Is This?/Silent Night" (Traditional/William Chatterton Dix/Franz Xaver Gruber) – 4:32 # "Imagining Gena At Sunset" – 0:32 # "Let Us Break Bread Together" – 5:00 # "It Came Upon a Midnight Clear" (Richard Storrs Willis) – 6:24 # "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel" – 0:56 == Personnel == *Geri Allen – Fazioli piano, celeste, Farfisa organ, Fender Rhodes electric piano, Hohner clavinet *Carolyn Brewer (tracks 5 & 8), Connaitre Miller (track 8), Barbara Roney (track 8) – vocals *Farah Jasmine Griffin – spoken word (track 5) *Women Of the Gee's Bend Quilt Collective sampled and engineered by Jaimeo Brown (track 4) == References == Category:2011 Christmas albums Category:Geri Allen albums Category:Motéma Music albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Jazz Christmas albums Category:Vocal jazz albums
4323722	A Fish Called Selma	"A Fish Called Selma" is the nineteenth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on March 24, 1996. The episode features Troy McClure, who tries to resurrect his acting career and squelch the rumors about his personal life by marrying Selma Bouvier. Show runners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein were fans of Phil Hartman and wished to produce an episode that focused on his character McClure. Freelance writer Jack Barth wrote the episode, and Mark Kirkland directed it. Barth's script underwent a substantial rewrite in the show's writing room, including the expansion of the Planet of the Apes musical and addition of the song "Dr. Zaius". The episode ran too long because of the slow pace of Troy and Selma's speech. Consequently, guest star Jeff Goldblum rerecorded his dialogue as MacArthur Parker at a faster speed. The episode received generally positive reviews, with particular praise given to Hartman's performance and the musical sequence. Entertainment Weekly placed the episode eighth on their list of the top 25 The Simpsons episodes. ==Plot== Chief Wiggum stops Troy McClure for reckless driving and notices his driver's license requires him to wear corrective lenses. Because of his vanity, Troy dislikes wearing his glasses. He visits Selma Bouvier at the DMV and offers to take her to dinner if she lets him pass the eye test. After dinner, paparazzi photographers see Troy leaving with Selma and the story hits the news. After winning for him the role of George Taylor in a musical stage adaptation of Planet of the Apes, Troy's agent, MacArthur Parker, says that Troy can stage a career comeback if he continues seeing Selma. On his agent's advice, Troy asks Selma to marry him and she agrees. The night before the wedding, a drunken Troy tells Homer that he does not love Selma and is only using her as a sham wife to further his career, with Homer only casually informing Marge after the fact (despite ample opportunity at the wedding to declare it). Marge and Patty try convincing Selma her marriage is a sham, but she accuses them of jealousy. She confronts Troy, who shamelessly admits that their marriage is a sham but claims she has everything she could want and will be "the envy of every other sham wife in town". Selma has her doubts but agrees to remain married to Troy because she fears being alone. Parker thinks he can get Troy the part of McBain's sidekick in McBain IV: Fatal Discharge if he sires children. Troy and Selma prepare to conceive a child, but Troy is uncomfortable sleeping with women because of his "bizarre fish fetish"; rumors of his unconventional sexuality once squelched his career and prevented his comeback. Selma decides that bringing a child into a loveless marriage is wrong and leaves Troy. A tabloid TV show confirms that Troy has turned down the role of McBain's sidekick to direct and star in his own film, The Contrabulous Fabtraption of Professor Horatio Hufnagel, produced by 20th Century Fox. ==Production== Show runners Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein were fans of actor Phil Hartman, who had been a recurring guest star since the second season. They decided to produce an episode entirely about his character Troy McClure to give Hartman as much to do as possible. Oakley wanted to explore Troy's character because he had never interacted with the show's other characters before, only appearing on television.Oakley, Bill (2006). Commentary for "A Fish Called Selma", in The Simpsons: The Complete Seventh Season [DVD]. 20th Century Fox.Weinstein, Josh (2006). Commentary for "A Fish Called Selma", in The Simpsons: The Complete Seventh Season [DVD]. 20th Century Fox. The writers chose the plot idea of Troy's marriage to Selma Bouvier because she was "always marrying people". The episode's first draft was written by freelance writer Jack Barth, although the rest of the writing staff rewrote it. One aspect of the rewrite was the song "Dr. Zaius" from the Planet of the Apes musical, which the staff consider to be one of the greatest musical numbers ever written for The Simpsons. The two songs in the musical were composed by Alf Clausen, who had worked as a copyist on the original film of Planet of the Apes. Weinstein—who had not seen the film at the time—pitched it in the writer's room as "Rock Me Dr. Zaius", in parody of the 1985 song "Rock Me Amadeus" by Falco. It expanded into a full song primarily concocted by George Meyer, who included "corny" aspects of vaudeville. The line "From chimpan-A to chimpan-Z" in the final song of the musical was written by David X. Cohen. Oakley commented that he has heard the line "all over the world". Several of the staffers have commented on how writing the Planet of the Apes parody generated a great deal of enthusiasm in the writer's room: Oakley described it as "one of those rare bursts of creative brilliance. A lot of the things that people remember and love on The Simpsons were horrible late-night grinds, whereas this was just a magic visit from the joke fairy." Director Mark Kirkland was pleased that Troy was the star of the episode; he enjoyed interpreting Hartman's voice performance because it allowed him and the other animators to "open [McClure] up visually as a character".Silverman, David (2006). Commentary for "A Fish Called Selma", in The Simpsons: The Complete Seventh Season [DVD]. 20th Century Fox. Due to the slow talking speed of Troy and Selma, the episode's audio track was 28 minutes long; which meant that multiple scenes had to be cut, including Troy's bachelor party. After the cast had completed their original recording,Goldblum, Jeff (2006). Commentary for "A Fish Called Selma", in The Simpsons: The Complete Seventh Season [DVD]. 20th Century Fox. guest star Jeff Goldblum rerecorded his dialogue as MacArthur Parker at a faster speed to further shorten it. His character's design was loosely modeled on him, as well as a real-life "sleazy Hollywood agent". The animators watched several of Goldblum's films, including The Tall Guy, in order to get a better representation of his performance. Throughout "A Fish Called Selma", it is hinted that Troy engages in paraphilia. The writers initially did not know what the "unsavory" sexual preference would be, but eventually decided on a fish fetish, a suggestion from executive producer James L. Brooks, since it was "so perverted and strange, that it was over the top". At the episode's table reading, an attendee exclaimed that the line, "from now on she's smoking for two" has "got to go" from the script; however, her request was denied. On the walls of the Pimento Grove restaurant, the animators placed caricatures of every single guest star who had appeared on the show up to that point, as well as pictures of the fictional celebrities of the show. ==Cultural references== The episode's title is a reference to the film A Fish Called Wanda, while the opening scene features a parody of The Muppets. McClure appears in a musical version of Planet of the Apes; the song "Dr. Zaius" is a parody of "Rock Me Amadeus" by Falco. Marge calls Troy McClure a perfect gentleman "like Bing Crosby and JFK". The musical's title—Stop the Planet of the Apes. I Want to Get Off!—is a reference to the stage show Stop the World – I Want to Get Off. The scene with Selma and Troy smoking is similar to Now, Voyager. The house that McClure lives in is based on the Chemosphere in California. Troy McClure's car is a DeLorean. McClure being pulled over is a reference to when Johnny Carson was arrested for drunk driving in his DeLorean in 1982. The showbusiness news anchors, voiced by Hank Azaria and Pamela Hayden, are based on Entertainment Tonight hosts John Tesh and Mary Hart, respectively. McClure describes Jub-Jub the iguana as "Everywhere You Want to Be" in reference to a Visa commercial. Ken Keeler pitched the name MacArthur Parker, in reference to the song "MacArthur Park", written by Jimmy Webb and first recorded by Richard Harris. When learning of one possible acting gig being a Paramount-made buddy comedy involving Hugh Grant and Rob Lowe, McClure yells "Those sick freaks!?", in reference to the sex scandals that the two actors were involved in at the time. Selma's costumes are modeled on the clothes of Marilyn Monroe. At the wedding, Homer sings "Rock and Roll Part 2" by Gary Glitter in his head. The rumours of Troy McClure having a bizarre fetish for marine life mirror sex rumours about Richard Gere and a gerbil. ==Reception== In its original broadcast, "A Fish Called Selma" finished tied for 66th place in the ratings for the week of March 18–March 24, 1996, with a Nielsen rating of 7.8. It was the sixth- highest-rated show on the Fox network that week. In 2021, Entertainment Weekly placed the episode fifth on their list of the top 25 The Simpsons episodes. Empire, in 2004, called the episode the "high point" of the show's "long- standing love affair with The Planet of the Apes", and cited it as McClure's "finest hour".Colin Kennedy. "The Ten Best Movie Gags In The Simpsons", Empire, September 2004, pp. 76-7 In 2006, IGN named the episode the best of the seventh season, stating that it seemed the "obvious pick". They called the musical the best moment of the episode and "maybe even the whole show". In a 2008 review, IGN's Robert Canning praised Phil Hartman's performance as "simply the best of any guest appearance on The Simpsons". He concluded by saying: "Sure, [the episode's] writing is smart and the jokes are funny, but without Phil Hartman as Troy McClure, 'A Fish Called Selma' would only be good. With Hartman, it's fantastic!" Also in 2006, Kimberly Potts of AOL Television named the episode the 14th best episode of the series. Dave Foster of DVD Times praised the episode in his 2006 review, as well as Jeff Goldblum's participation on the audio commentary. He stated: "for those yet to witness Troy McClure's musical take on Planet of the Apes, well, you might say you haven't lived! Musical parody at its very best, the visuals and aural delights in this one brief sequence guarantee this season a recommendation being one of the most inspired moments of The Simpsons many seasons." In 2012, Johnny Dee of The Guardian listed it as one of his five favorite episodes in the history of The Simpsons, writing: "Key to The Simpsons longevity is the minor characters who only crop up every season or so. And none more so than Troy McClure." Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, were pleased that "Troy McClure gets a starring role at last". ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:The Simpsons (season 7) episodes Category:1996 American television episodes Category:Zoophilia in culture Category:Television episodes about weddings Category:Planet of the Apes
43359308	A Black Veil for Lisa	A Black Veil for Lisa (, lit. "Death has no sex") is a 1968 thriller film directed by Massimo Dallamano. == Plot == Lisa Buloff wears a black dress and veil at a funeral for an unspecified deceased loved one. Weeks beforehand, Willie Zoll is drinking at a bar, ready to provide Inspector Franz Buloff, leading investigator in the Hamburg narcotics department for Interpol, information on major drug world target Harry Scheurermann. When he turns a corner into an alley, a figured stabs him to death, leaving the switchblade used and his dime-store disguise behind at the scene. Buloff is extremely disgruntled, as he was going to provide their best lead. Two other contract killings silenced witnesses and whistleblowers beforehand, somehow around the time they were to give information to the police. His boss, Ostermeyer, is most provoked and insists Buloff find another lead. Buloff returns home to his wife Lisa. She had previous affiliations with Scheurermann, but Buloff believed she wasn't involved in his enterprises and married her. However, Buloff has been controlling and domineering of her, tracking her activities out of paranoia. He demands to know why she didn't answer the phone, and when he doesn't believe her answer that she was sleeping, she bitterly retorts she was waiting for him to suspect something. When he storms off to pour himself a drink, Buloff later sees Lisa changed into a nightdress, and they make love. Buloff tries to call his wife the next day to check on her again, but she leaves the phone ringing when she heads out the door. He then interrogates a young woman, Marianne Loma, who he briefly hallucinates as Lisa. Under threat of false detainment, the woman reveals her friend Ursula Stein had her pick up a score for Ursula's boyfriend, Kurt Mueller, who can't leave since the drug ring is after him. Marianne is provided protective custody for her cooperation. Lisa then arrives at the station wanting money from Buloff, which he obliges; he tries to ask about her activities later, but she politely refuses the question and says he's too jealous and works too much. The police try to get to Mueller at Ursula's place, but Scheurermann's thugs are there first, beating Ursula even though she doesn't talk, then kidnapping her. Buloff goes to his informant at the news stand, nicknamed "The Rabbit", and all he can provide is tulips are involved in the ring. When asked about Mueller, he avoids giving information out of fear. The hitman, Max Lindt, meets his employer Olaf, a middle man to Scheurermann. Lindt, while tossing his lucky dollar with a bullet hole he keeps everywhere he goes, takes his pay and plans to by a plane ticket out of the country. Olaf demands he take one more hired murder, leaving Lindt in a tight spot despite Lindt wanting to flee while he's still at large, but Lindt only agrees when Olaf threatens Scheurermann's goons will kill him. Kurt Mueller is his assigned target. When Buloff returns home, he sees a note Lisa left him under a bouquet of tulips. She says she's out having a supper with a school friend, but Buloff finds she left the restaurant early when he heads there. Mueller calls for his fix from Fritz, a bar owner involved with the mob, but Mueller is lured to a post office box by Fritz, with the goons in earshot to report to Lindt. Mueller gets to the letter box, where Lindt is waiting and stabs him to death, leaving his flashlight and disguise behind and breaking Mueller's watch when set to the wrong time. Buloff interrogates Lisa on her whereabouts, which makes her angry as she's not believed and Buloff doesn't stop wanting to possess her and keep her movements in his orbit. When Buloff criticizes her for her involvement with the drug ring, ironically because of one of the victims Lindt killed, Rhinehardt, Lisa merely counters with how her home life isn't better. When she proclaims in spite she'll find an affair to have with another man, Buloff hits her and she runs off. Mueller is found by the police, and the package, in a letter box under "Wiener", was really filled with baking soda, but Buloff catches a break as he finds Lindt accidentally left his lucky dollar behind. Lindt flips out when he realizes he's lost it and tears apart wherever he worries it might be. Buloff finally fingers Lindt when he sees him in lobby footage at headquarters, remembering his habit of tossing it. Buloff has his men check up on a red Porsche he knows Lisa was in. He finds Lindt's friend, Eric Scheurer, at his job at the fun fair, accosting him for info he doesn't give. When Scheurer calls Lindt's hotel from a payphone, Buloff watches and intercepts the call to get Lindt's location. Buloff gets Lindt's room from the hotel staff, arresting him while he packs. When Lindt is given the dollar back, he tries to drop it on the floor for an escape, but Buloff hits him to put it out of his mind. Lindt surrenders and is amazed Buloff is the detective on his case since he's in Narcotics. On the drive to headquarters, Buloff sees Lisa get into a red Porsche, trying to follow her, but losing her. Uncuffing Lindt, Buloff blackmails him into a plan for Lindt to kill Lisa, in exchange for his freedom. Lisa's friend she mentioned, Irini von Klaus, does have such a car, so when Buloff finds out, he tries to stop Lindt. He finds Lisa at home, still alive, and Buloff apologizes to her. She scolds him for harassing her over how she lives her life and not believing her, and he tries to show he loves her by vehemently kissing her. Buloff gets a call from The Rabbit, who has more info on the tulips, but he's later killed by a car slamming into him, revealing the enforcers got him first. Buloff has Lisa stay at home for the day, as Lindt still believes the job is on and she can't be seen by him. Lindt instead shows up at the house, pretending to be an insurance salesman. Lisa doesn't by it, but they're both attracted to each other and have sex, shortly after Lisa lies to Buloff over the phone no one's at the house. Buloff is again relieved Lisa is still alive when he returns home, until he reconvenes with max at an abandoned factory. Lindt shamelessly reveals their tryst, before Buloff throws him into his own car hood and says the job is still on. Lindt is torn, but in the end, he doesn't care for killing Lisa and progresses into a full affair with her, where he tells her his real name but not his activities. Buloff tracks them both to the hotel they meet at, then Lisa to a tulip stand. She calls Scheurermann from a payphone, revealing she's the leak who's been ratting the victims out to his ring. As Lisa is also a lover of Scheurermann and gets fixes from him, his henchmen corner Lindt on Olaf's boat and beat him into not seeing her any longer. Lindt calls Buloff for a meeting in the woods to get this lucky dollar back. Buloff concedes to the consequences of his actions and Lisa's, writing a full report on what he knows about Scheurermann and Lindt, along with his actions, but leaving Lisa out of the details to protect her. Lindt is prepared to meet Buloff, leaving Lisa behind and taking a switchblade with him. When at the rendezvous, Buloff places Lindt under formal arrest, seeing through Lindt's lie about him killing Lisa. Lindt boasts Buloff will pay to, which he accepts. Lindt pulls his knife and slits Buloff's throat before stabbing him, Buloff's last words being "you're done for anyway". While Lisa's at the hotel phoning Scheurermann for another meeting, the police are dispatched to arrest Max. Max runs into the woods and fires Buloff's service weapon, but he's shot dead in retaliation. Lisa meets Scheurermann, who rejects her and reveals he knows about Lindt's affair with her; he shocks her from revealing Buloff hired Lindt to off her. The episode ends with Lisa at the funeral, revealed to be for her late husband. Ostermeyer says to Lisa that Buloff "was an outstanding man [...] to the end"; it's never revealed if he's confirmed her involvement, but he heavily implies wanting her silence about Buloff's corruption. == Cast == ==Production== A Black Veil for Lisa was shot in 1968 in Hamburg under the title Vicolo cieco. Curti described the style of the film as "remarkably different" from the Italian thrillers of the period, and closer to Anglo-Saxon and German models of the style. ==Release== A Black Veil for Lisa was released in Italy in September 1968. was shown in Germany as Das Geheimnis der jungen Witwe (translation: Mystery of the Young Widow). in this country, it was promoted as being part of the Edgar Wallace series. It was also released as Showdown. ==Reception== From contemporary reviews, "Whit." of Variety described the film as an "okay programmer" and that "Massimo Dallamano's direction [...] is as sturdy as script, on which he also collabed, will permit, and color camera work by Angelo Lotti is particularly effective." ==References== ===Sources=== * * ==External links== * Category:1968 films Category:Giallo films Category:1960s Italian-language films Category:Films directed by Massimo Dallamano Category:Films set in West Germany Category:Films scored by Gianfranco Reverberi Category:Films scored by Giovanni Fusco Category:1960s Italian films
43762672	A Good Catholic Girl	A Good Catholic Girl is a 2010 Ugandan short film about a Muslim girl's attraction to someone from a different religious affiliation. It was written, produced and directed by Matt Bish. Matthew Nabwiso won the Best Supporting actor award at the 2013 Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards for playing "Ahmed" in the film. ==Plot== Ahmed (a villainous butcher played by Matthew Nabwiso) is interested in a strict Muslim customer's daughter yet she loves someone else, a lowly carpenter (role played by Joel Okuyo Atiku Prynce) who isn't Muslim, which is forbidden (Haram) in their religion. Ahmed tries to rape her, and when she resists, he kills her. But, her lover avenges her. == Cast == *Maureen Kulany as Amina *Joel Okuyo Atiku as Carpenter *Matthew Nabwiso as Ahmed *Brenda Ibarah as Madina *Tibba Murungi as Amina's Friend *Sharon Amali as Amina's Friend *Cathy Masajjage as Mother *Herbert Kibirige as Father ==Reception== The controversial film questions some Islamic ideologies and portrays religious tensions. It was included in Africa First: Volume Two, an anthology of five short films from new African filmmakers. Nabwiso scooped the Best Supporting Actor - Drama AwardNabwiso Upsets Nigerians (The Observer) at the inaugural Africa Magic Viewers' Choice Awards (AMVCA) in Lagos, Nigeria in March 2013 beating four challengers: three Nigerians Osita Iheme, Fabian Adeoye Lojede and Kalu Ikeagwu plus South African Thomas Gumede. He was the only Ugandan nominee in the 26 category competition. ==References== Category:English-language Ugandan films Category:2010 films Category:Films directed by Matt Bish Category:2010 crime drama films Category:Ugandan drama films Category:2010s English-language films Category:Ugandan short films
43781670	A Dog of Flanders (1935 film)	A Dog of Flanders is a 1935 American drama film directed by Edward Sloman, based on a screenplay by Ainsworth Morgan from the story by Dorothy Yost, which she adapted from the 1872 novel of the same name by Ouida. The film stars Frankie Thomas, appearing in only his second film (the first being Wednesday's Child). ==Cast== * Frankie Thomas as Nello Daas * Harry Beresford as Sacristan * O. P. Heggie as Grandfather Jehan Daas * DeWitt Jennings as Carl Cogez * Lightning as "Leo", the dog * Sarah Padden as Frau Keller * Helen Parrish as Maria Cogez * Richard Quine as Pieter Vanderkloot * Frank Reicher as Herr Vanderkloot * Addison Richards as Herr Herden * Christian Rub as Hans * Ann Shoemaker as Frau Ilse Cogez * Nella Walker as Frau Vanderkloot ==Production== In November 1934 RKO announced that they would begin production on A Dog of Flanders the following month. It would be the third film adaptation, and the first sound production, of Ouida's 1872 novel, Dog of Flanders, which was, at the time, considered one of literature's "heroic love stories." By the end of November, Ainsworth Morgan had been assigned to develop the screenplay. At the beginning of December Frankie Thomas, a juvenile actor, had been cast in the film. Just prior to the commencement of filming, in late December, O. P. Heggie joined the cast, and shortly after it was announced that another child actor, Helen Parrish had been added to the acting personnel, while it was also revealed that Edward Sloman would handle the directing duties. Herman Pan was selected to handle the direction of the dance sequences, while William Sistrom was tapped to take care of the production duties. Production on the film had finished by the end of January, and the film was being edited in February. In the middle of February, RKO announced that A Dog of Flanders would open on March 22; and there were no changes to that date, the film opening on March 22, 1935. ==Reception== The Film Daily felt the film was a "pleasing human interest story nicely suited for the family", although they felt it might be at a disadvantage due to the lack of well-known actors in the cast. Harrison's Reports gave the film a good review, saying it was "wholesome," with "deep human appeal". They felt the production and direction were excellent, and they enjoyed the performances of the acting crew. They rated it as an excellent children's film. Motion Picture Daily gave the film a slightly less warm review, feeling that the picture was artistically satisfying due to its similarity in style to European films. Despite that slow pace, they applauded Edward Sloman's direction, and stated the "...film's beauty is simplicity abetted by touching performances and noteworthy direction done with a fine sense of feeling and understanding." The Motion Picture Herald said the picture was full of "... romance, drama, comedy, tragedy, deception and triumph ...," and thought it attempted to "... capture faithfully the spirit of the book and the story." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1935 films Category:1935 drama films Category:American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films based on British novels Category:Films based on works by Ouida Category:Films directed by Edward Sloman Category:RKO Pictures films Category:Films with screenplays by Dorothy Yost Category:Works based on A Dog of Flanders Category:1930s American films
43844448	A Girl and a Dolphin	A Girl and a Dolphin (Russian: Де́вочка и дельфи́н) is a 1979 Soviet/Russian animated short film directed by Rosalia Zelma, produced at the TV film studio Ekran in Moscow. The film is a poetic sketch cartoon about the friendship of a girl and a dolphin. The cartoon is distinguished by a deep level of romance and moral purity. A great musical arrangement by Eduard Artemyev and the song were used, which precisely reflect the meaning of the story. == Plot == The girl is playing with the ball at the beach. Suddenly, the ball falls into the sea. The girl tries to get it, but not knowing how to swim, she starts to sink. And then the Dolphin appears and saves the girl. They become friends. The girl starts to come to the sea everyday and the dolphin teaches her to swim. There comes a day when the girl is able to swim freely. Then one day people has caught the dolphin and taken it to the Dolphinarium to participate in the shows with other trained dolphins. However, the dolphin remains completely indifferent to new environment and the shows, because it cannot live without its element — the sea. Then at night the girl penetrates into the Dolphinarium and opens the lattice, thereby helping the dolphin to escape. No matter how it is, but the dolphin has to leave the habitual seaside. The girl sits on the rock drenched in sunset light and gazes into the sea, reminiscing of beautiful times spent with the dolphin. == Creators == English Russian Director Rosalia Zelma Розалия Зельма Scenario L. Los' Л. Лось Song Lyrics A.Kondratyev А. Кондратьев Art Directors Tatiana Abalakina Rosalia Zelma Татьяна Абалакина Розалия Зельма Animators V. Vyshegorodtsev V. Sporykhin A. Levchik S. Sichkar' N. Grachyova M. Pershyn В. Вышегородцев В. Спорыхин А. Левчик С. Сичкарь Н. Грачева М. Першин Camera Operator Vladimir Milovanov Владимир Милованов Composer Eduard Artemyev Эдуард Артемьев Sound Operator Oleg Solomonov Олег Соломонов Executive Producer L. Varentsova Лидия Варенцова Editor V. Konovalova Валерия Коновалова Script Editor L. Georgiyeva Любовь Георгиева Assistants I. Degtyaryova T. Grosheva E. Lopatnikova E. Zvereva N. Druzhynina И. Дегтярева Т. Грошева Е. Лопатникова Е. Зверева Н. Дружинина Voice Actor (song) Olga (Sergeevna) Rozhdestvenskaya Рождественская Ольга Сергеевна == External links == * A Girl and a Dolphin video with subtitles. * A Girl and a Dolphin at Animator.ru Category:1979 animated films Category:1979 films Category:1979 in the Soviet Union Category:Films scored by Eduard Artemyev Category:Studio Ekran films Category:Russian animated films Category:Soviet animated films Category:Soviet animated short films
43859521	A Conversation with Oscar Wilde	A Conversation with Oscar Wilde is an outdoor sculpture by Maggi Hambling in central London dedicated to Oscar Wilde. Unveiled in 1998, it takes the form of a bench-like green granite sarcophagus, with a bust of Wilde emerging from the upper end, with a hand clasping a cigarette. ==Creation and unveiling== The memorial was first suggested during the 1980s and early 1990s by fans of Wilde's work, including Derek Jarman. Following Jarman's death in 1994, a committee called "A Statue for Oscar Wilde" was formed to bring a tribute to fruition. The committee, led by Jeremy Isaacs, included the actors Dame Judi Dench and Sir Ian McKellen, and the poet Seamus Heaney. From sketches submitted by twelve artists, six were chosen to create maquette models of their concepts. Maggi Hambling's "witty and amusing" work was chosen for the memorial. The work is inscribed with a quotation from his play Lady Windermere's Fan: "We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars". Hundreds of individual donors and foundations contributed funds for the project. The statue is located in central London between Trafalgar Square and Charing Cross Station, behind St Martin's in the Fields church. The unveiling was on 30 November 1998. It was preceded in 1997 by an exhibition at the nearby National Portrait Gallery, bringing together drawings, models and maquettes. The London sculpture was just pipped to the post by the Dublin triptych Oscar Wilde Memorial Sculpture, designed and made by Danny Osborne and unveiled in Wilde's birthplace, Merrion Square, in 1997. ==Reception== A Conversation with Oscar Wilde, in which Wilde is depicted laughing and smoking, caused considerable friction. (The work was depicted in Smoke: a global history of smoking.) Tom Lubbock, chief art critic of The Independent, while acknowledging the need for a memorial in London to Wilde, and commending the project for its "real and proper Victorian public spirit", thoroughly condemned the piece itself, in design and execution, comparing it to a Madame Tussauds waxwork. He compared the "macaroni tangle of undulating tubey strands" to a sort of cadaver tomb called transi, part of medieval tomb sculpture depicting rotting flesh and the resulting worms, concluding that ultimately the sculpture was not about Wilde or the viewing public, but a reflection of Hambling herself. Isaacs used his right of reply to point out that the sculpture "already evokes more favourable response from the public than any other statue I know in London, with the possible exception of Peter Pan". Charles Spencer, chief drama critic of The Telegraph, while professing his liking for the artist as a person, wrote how he loathed her sculptures. With respect to A Conversation, he wrote: The sculpture was one of five works or events considered in The Resurrection of Oscar Wilde: A Cultural Afterlife, along with "the consecration of a window in Wilde's honour in Poet's Corner, Peter Tatchell's campaign for a Royal Pardon, the 1997 film Wilde [...] and the public gatherings on the centenary of his death." Both Lubbock and Spencer pointedly advised their readers not to vandalise the sculpture. However, the cigarette has been repeatedly removed by members of the public (sawn off and replaced, according to Philip Ardagh) in what has been called "the most frequent act of vandalism/veneration done to a public statue in London". ==References== ==External links== * Oscar Wilde – Adelaide Street, London, UK at Waymarking.com * Statue: Oscar Wilde reclining at LondonRemembers.com Category:1998 establishments in England Category:1998 in London Category:1998 sculptures Category:Bronze sculptures in the United Kingdom Category:Cultural depictions of Oscar Wilde Category:Granite sculptures in the United Kingdom Category:Monuments and memorials in London Category:Outdoor sculptures in London Category:Sculptures of men in the United Kingdom Category:Sculptures of writers Category:City of Westminster
43950935	A Japanese Tragedy	, also known as Tragedy of Japan, is a 1953 Japanese drama film written and directed by Keisuke Kinoshita. The film tells the story of a mother who has to raise two children during and after World War II, but whose children reject her. Kinoshita interspersed newsreel footage within the film in an attempt to relate the story of the film to the wider context of Japan's post-war difficulties. ==Plot== War widow Haruke, mother of two children, gets involved in prostitution during and after the Second World War to raise money for the family and secure the children a proper education. Her son Seiichi and daughter Utako, sharing a flat of their own, are embarrassed by their mother's activities and reluctant to her visits. Eager to cut ties with his past and poor upbringing, Seiichi, a medical student, aims at being adopted by an upper-class family. His sister Utako studies dressmaking and attends an English language school, engaging with her married teacher. Eventually, Seiichi's plan fulfils, while Utako, who claims that she can't lead a normal relationship after being raped by a cousin as a child, evokes a marital crisis. When Haruke finally realises that she has lost both her children, she commits suicide. ==Cast== * Yūko Mochizuki as Haruko Inoue * Yōko Katsuragi as Utako, Haruko's daughter * Masumi Taura as Seiichi, Haruko's son * Teiji Takahashi as Sato * Keiji Sada as Tatsuya, a street musician * Ken Uehara as Masayuki Akazawa, the English teacher * Sanae Takasugi as Mrs. Akazawa * Keiko Awaji as Wakamaru, a geisha ==Reception== Alexander Jacoby regarded the personal conflict between the mother and her selfish children to be more "vivid" than the wider context provided by the newsreels. Isolde Standish points out that the newsreels give credence to the "subjective memories" of the characters that are shown in the film's flashback scenes. For example, newsreel footage of American soldiers cavorting with Japanese women foreshadow a flashback scene depicting Haruko's decision to become a prostitute. The flashbacks also provide contexts for the family's present day misunderstandings, when Haruko gets involved in the black market to provide food for the family, but her son Seiichi only knows that the activity causes him embarrassment at school, or when the children's cruel uncle tells them that their mother is enjoying herself at the Atami hot springs, while she is working as a prostitute to raise money for the family. According to film critic Donald Richie, A Japanese Tragedy was one of the first post-war films to focus on Japanese mothers, as Mikio Naruse's Repast was one of the first to focus on the plight of Japanese wives. ==Awards== Kinoshita won both the Mainichi Film Award and Blue Ribbon Award for best screenplay in 1953. Yūko Mochizuki won the 1953 Mainichi Film Award for best actress. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1953 films Category:1953 drama films Category:1950s Japanese-language films Category:Japanese black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Keisuke Kinoshita Category:Films with screenplays by Keisuke Kinoshita Category:Shochiku films Category:Japanese drama films Category:1950s Japanese films
43978006	A Dangerous Wooing	Ett farligt frieri, or A dangerous proposal, aka A dangerous wooing is the first silent film directed by Swedish director Rune Carlsten in 1919. The film has been the subject of a restoration in 2010 with intertitles in Swedish and English by the Swedish Film Institute. ==Synopsis== In a small village in the Swedish mountains, all the boys are in love with Aslaugh, the daughter of rich farmer Knut Husaby. Thormund, the wealthiest farmer in the village proposes to marry his son Ola to Aslaug. Husaby is in favour of this marriage but asks his daughter whether she agrees. Aslaug refuses because she is in love with Tore Naesset, a small-holder's son. Her father is violently opposed to such a wedding and sends her to his summer farm, high in the mountains, hoping she'll change her mind. Tore manages to join Aslaug at the summer farm but on his way back on the only available road which passes by Husaby farm, he gets a hard beating from Huseby who lets him go with an ironic promise: "If next Saturday you manage to slip past the Husaby wolf and his cubs, the girl will be yours". The following week, Tore tries to sneak past the farm without success. He then decides to climb the steep cliff which borders the summer farm on the river side. After nearly falling, he manages to reach the top, exhausted. Husaby, impressed by his courage, agrees to let him marry Aslaug.Review, synopsis and link to watch the film: ==Cast== thumb|280px|right|Lars Hanson and Gull Cronvall *Lars Hanson - Tore Næsset * Gull Cronvall - Aslaug * Theodor Blick - Knut Husaby, Aslaug's father * Hjalmar Peters - Thormund, rich farmer * Kurt Welin - Ola, Thormund's son * Hugo Tranberg - Sigurd Husaby *Gösta Cederlund - Eyvind Husaby * Hilda Castegren - Tore's mother *Torsten Bergström - fiddler ==Production== The film was based on Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson's novella A dangerous courtship, published in 1856. It was filmed at AB Skandia studios in Långängen with exteriors from the areas around the Hardanger Fjord in Norway. It premièred on 26 December 1919 in Gothenburg and Stockholm. ==References== ==External links== * * Ett farlig frieri (1919) (A dangerous proposal) at A Cinema History * Category:1910s historical films Category:1919 films Category:Swedish silent films Category:Swedish black-and-white films Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Swedish historical films Category:1910s Swedish-language films
43986815	A Game of Chance	A Game of Chance is a 1920 sporting novel by Arthur Wright, about sensational events in the world of Australian horse racing. ==Reception== According to the reviewer in the Western Mail: > Hero and heroine and villain of the piece are well enough drawn; and there > is incident enough in the book to satisfy the veriest glutton for sensation; > while towards the close of an exciting story the murder trial... finishes in > a most unexpected manner. Mr. Arthur Wright has been compared with the late > Nat Gould; and as a rule, his books contain even greater dramatic, or > melodramatic, possibilities, or impossibilities, than the numerous works of > that most prolific writer. ==References== ==External links== *Copy of complete novel at Internet Archive *A Game of Chance at AustLit *A Game of Chance at National Archives of Australia *Serialisation of story in The World's News in 1919 - 22 March, 29 March, 5 April, 12 April, 19 April, 26 April, 3 May, 10 May, 17 May, 24 May, 31 May, 7 June, 14 June, 21 June, 28 June, 5 July Category:1920 Australian novels Category:Australian sports novels Category:Horse racing novels Category:Novels set in Australia
43987295	A Crooked Game	A Crooked Game is a 1930 drama horse racing novel by Australian author Arthur Wright. It was the last of his novels published in his lifetime. ==References== ==External links== *A Crooked Game at AustLit Category:1930 Australian novels Category:Australian sports novels Category:Horse racing novels
43987727	A Colt from the Country	A Colt from the Country is a novel by Arthur Wright. It takes place on Manly Beach and the racecourses of Sydney. ==References== ==External links== *A Colt from the Country at AustLit *Copy of serialised story at World's News in 1921 – 26 March, 2 April, 9 April, 16 April, 23 April, 30 April, 7 May, 14 May, 21 May, 28 May, 4 June, 11 June, 18 June, 25 June, 2 July, 9 July Category:1922 Australian novels Category:Australian sports novels Category:Horse racing novels Category:Novels set in Sydney
44033253	A Few Days from the Life of I. I. Oblomov	Oblomov (, translit. Neskolko dney iz zhizni I. I. Oblomov) is a Soviet comedy/drama film directed by Nikita Mikhalkov. It was released by Mosfilm in 1980. The film's plot is based on the novel Oblomov (), written by Ivan Goncharov, which tells the story of Ilya Ilyich Oblomov, a middle-aged nobleman living in 19th century Saint Petersburg. This central character exemplifies the superfluous man concept found in 19th century Russian literature. ==Plot== The film begins in 19th century Saint Petersburg, and examines the life of Ilya Ilyich Oblomov, a middle-aged Russian nobleman. Slothful and seemingly unhappy, Oblomov spends much of the beginning of the film sleeping and being attended to by his servant, Zakhar. In an attempt to get him more active, Andrei Ivanovich Stoltz, a Russian/German businessman and close friend, frequently takes Oblomov along with him to social events. Oblomov is introduced to a cultured woman named Olga, a friend of Stoltz. When Stoltz leaves the country, Olga is left with the task of civilizing and culturing Oblomov while he lives nearby. Olga and Oblomov eventually fall in love, but upon Stoltz's return, Oblomov moves back into town, eventually severing ties with Olga. Stoltz and Olga eventually marry, and Oblomov subsequently marries the woman with whom he was living, Agafya Matveyevna Psehnitsyna. The two have a son, and although Agafya has two children from a previous relationship, Oblomov treats them both as if they were his own. Oblomov is satisfied with his life, although it "lack[s] the poetic and those bright rays which he imagined were to be found." ==Superfluous Man and Oblomovism== In the Ivan Goncharov novel, Ilya Ilyich Oblomov is considered an excellent example of the "Superfluous Man" concept of 1800s' Russian literature. Alienated and let down by the world around him, the "superfluous man" character is often considered an outsider at odds with society. In both the novel and the film, Oblomov demonstrates this "superfluity" as an ineffective member of Russia's much criticized aristocracy. Goncharov referred to his character's passivity as "Oblomovism," and the term has since been associated with characters who possess Oblomov's apathy and membership in Russia's upper class. ==Cast== Actor Role Oleg Tabakov Ilya Ilyich Oblomov Yuri Bogatyryov Andrei Ivanovich Stoltz Andrei Popov Zakhar Elena Solovey Olga Avangard Leontev Alexeyev Andrei Razumovsky Ilya as a child Oleg Kozlov Stoltz as a child Yelena Kleshchevskaya Katya Galina Shostko Olga's aunt Gleb Strizhenov The Baron Yevgeny Steblov Oblomov's father Yevgeniya Glushenko Oblomov's mother Nikolai Pastukhov Stoltz's father ==References== ==External links== * Category:1980 films Category:1980 comedy-drama films Category:Films based on Russian novels Category:Films set in the 1850s Category:Films set in the Russian Empire Category:Films set in Saint Petersburg Category:Films shot in Ukraine Category:Films directed by Nikita Mikhalkov Category:Films scored by Eduard Artemyev Category:Mosfilm films Category:Russian comedy-drama films Category:1980s Russian-language films Category:Soviet comedy-drama films Category:1980 comedy films Category:1980 drama films Category:Films with screenplays by Nikita Mikhalkov
44217253	A Charm of Lullabies	A Charm of Lullabies, Op.41 is a song cycle for mezzo-soprano with piano accompaniment by Benjamin Britten. It consists of five songs composed on poems by William Blake, Robert Burns, Robert Greene, Thomas Randolph and John Phillip. It was written in 1947 for Nancy Evans, who gave the first performance with Felix de Nobel (piano) at a festival in The Hague 3 January 1948. The score was first published in 1949 by Boosey and Hawkes in London. A performance of the cycle takes about 12 minutes. The variety of texts lends itself to variety of music, and questions the concept of 'lullaby'; especially the fourth song, "A Charm", which humorously threatens the child with all sorts of torment if it doesn't go to sleep. == The songs == # William Blake (17571827)"A Cradle Song" (Poems from the Notebook, 1794, verses 12 and 45 only)This version of the poem differs from the one of the same name in Blake's Songs of Innocence and of Experience. # Robert Burns (175996)"A Highland Balou" (Last Songs for the Scots Musical Museum, 1792. Published in Volume 5, 1839) # Robert Greene (155892)"Sephestia's Lullaby" (from the prose-poem Menaphon, 1589, verses 1 and 3 only) # Thomas Randolph (poet) (160535)"A Charm" (from The Jealous Lovers, 1632, the two stanzas beginning "Quiet sleep") # John Phillip ()"The Nurse's Song" (from The Commodye of Pacient and Meeke Grissill, 1559, "Lullaby baby, thy nurse will tend thee") == References == == Sources == * == External links == * Britten-Pears Foundation * Boosey & Hawkes Category:Song cycles by Benjamin Britten Category:1947 compositions Category:Classical song cycles in English Category:Musical settings of poems by William Blake Category:Adaptations of works by Robert Greene (dramatist) Category:Adaptations of works by Robert Burns Category:Adaptations of works by Thomas Randolph Category:Songs about sleep
44330882	A Fantastical Meal	A Fantastical Meal () is a 1900 French short silent trick film directed by Georges Méliès. == Plot == Two women and a man, attempting to have dinner, find themselves confronted with magical happenings: the chairs move, the soup tureen grows, boots appear from it, the table legs change length, the table appears and reappears. A ghost, dancing on the table, turns into a box of dynamite and explodes, and the man begins tumbling manically around the room. == Release == The film was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 311 in its catalogues. It was imitated by Edwin S. Porter for the Edison Manufacturing Company film An Animated Luncheon. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1900 films Category:French silent short films Category:French fantasy films Category:1900s fantasy films Category:Films directed by Georges Méliès Category:French black-and-white films Category:1900s French films
44367948	A Famous Gentleman	A Famous Gentleman (Spanish:Un caballero famoso) is a 1943 Spanish drama film directed by José Buchs and starring Amparo Rivelles and Alfredo Mayo. The film is set in the world of bullfighting.Bentley p.106 == Plot == When well-bred Rafael meets beautiful but inconstant Eugenia he is fascinated to the point of even becoming a torero to please her wish for fame. ==Cast== * Amparo Rivelles * Alfredo Mayo * Tomás Blanco * Florencia Bécquer * Manolo Caracol * Antonio Casas * Juan Cortés * Roberto Lampaya * Joaquina Maroto * Manolita Morán * Miguel Pozanco * Alberto Romea * Jacinto San Emeterio == References == ==Bibliography== * Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008. == External links == * Category:1943 films Category:Spanish drama films Category:1943 drama films Category:1940s Spanish-language films Category:Films directed by José Buchs Category:Spanish black-and-white films Category:1940s Spanish films
44379611	A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy	A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy () is a book by Karl Marx, first published in 1859. The book is mainly a critique of political economy achieved by critiquing the writings of the leading theoretical exponents of capitalism at that time: these were the political economists, nowadays often referred to as the classical economists; Adam Smith (1723–90) and David Ricardo (1772–1823) are the foremost representatives of the genre. ==Significance== Much of the Critique was later incorporated by Marx into his magnum opus, Capital (Volume I), published in 1867, and the Critique is generally considered to be of secondary importance among Marx's writings. This does not apply, however, to the Preface of the Critique. It contains the first connected account of one of Marx's main theories: the materialist conception of history, and its associated "base and superstructure" model of society, which divides human social development into an economic-technological "base" which "conditions"— not determines — the forms of its political-ideological "superstructure".Otto Ruhle ("The Materialist Interpretation of History", in Ruhle (1943)) says that the "Preface" contained "the first connected account" of Marx's economic interpretation of history. Briefly, this is the idea that economic factors – the way people produce the necessities of life – conditions the kind of politics and ideology a society can have: Marcello Musto emphasizes this point: "Even the well-known thesis in the 'Preface' to A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy...should not be interpreted in a determinist sense; it should be clearly distinguished from the narrow and predictable reading of 'Marxism–Leninism', in which the superstructural phenomena of society are merely a reflection of the material existence of human beings."Marcello Musto, Another Marx: Early Manuscripts, trans. Patrick Camiller (London: Bloomsbury, 2018), pp. 105–06. ==Editions== In English, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy is available in an edition edited by Maurice Dobb, published by Progress Publishers, Moscow (translation by S. W. Ryazanskaya). Lawrence and Wishart (London), and International Publishers (New York) cooperated in the publication of the Progress Publishers edition. == See also == * Critique of political economy * Neue Marx-Lektüre ==Notes== ==References== *Evans, Michael (2013). Karl Marx. London: Routledge. First published 1975, London: Allen and Unwin. *Ruhle, Otto (1943). Karl Marx: His Life and Works. New York, 1943. First published, New York, 1929. ==External links== * Category:1859 books Category:Books by Karl Marx Category:1859 in economics Category:Historical materialism
44388687	A Checklist of Painters c1200–1994	A Checklist of Painters from c1200-1994 is the second edition of a book first published in 1978 by the Courtauld Institute of Art. It contains a list of names of painters, draughtsmen and engravers that are indexed in The Witt Library, named after the art historian Sir Robert Witt, who bequeathed his library to the Courtauld Institute in 1952. The purpose of the book is to provide a list of metadata on prominent painters, striving in each case to provide a common spelling for the name, nationality, and birth and death dates for Western artists from the early thirteenth century to the present. In the first version, the "present" was defined as 1976 and the list was 40,000 names long, encompassing 337 pages.A checklist of painters c.1200-1976 represented in the Witt Library, Courtauld Institute of Art, first edition, London, 1978 This second edition corrects mistakes made in the first edition, and lists 66,000 names collected up to 1994 and is 557 pages long.A checklist of painters c.1200-1994 represented in the Witt Library, Courtauld Institute of Art, second edition, London, 1995 After publication of the second list, the Witt Library continued to collect photographic material on paintings, drawings and engravings and contains over two million reproductions of works by over 70,000 artists.Image Libraries: Witt Library on The Courtauld Institute of Art website == Bibliography == * ==References== Category:1995 non-fiction books Category:Art history books
44853014	A Gutter Magdalene	A Gutter Magdalene is a lostThe Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:..A Gutter Magdalene 1916 American drama silent film directed by George Melford and written by Clinton Stagg. The film stars Fannie Ward, Jack Dean, Charles West, William Elmer, Gertrude Kellar and Ronald Bradbury. The film was released on June 4, 1916, by Paramount Pictures. ==Plot== Maida Carrington (Fannie Ward) goes to a city with a gambler (Charles West) but runs away after she witnesses the gambler steal money from Steve Boyce (Jack Dean). The woman takes a job with the Salvation Army and after that she meets Steve again because he now has no money and needs help. They fall in love and Steve asks her to marry him, but Maida thinks she isn't a good match for him because of her past association with the gambler. She goes and finds the gambler and tries to get him to return the money to Steve. He refuses and they struggle, and Maida accidentally shoots him with his own gun. The sheriff knows about the gambler and clears her of the murder charge. After that, the woman returns the money to Steve and agrees to marry him. == Cast == *Fannie Ward as Maida Carrington *Jack Dean as Steve Boyce *Charles West as Jack Morgan *William Elmer as Halpin *Gertrude Kellar as Helen *Ronald Bradbury as Sheriff Barrett *James Neill as Goodwin == References == == External links == * * Category:1916 films Category:1910s English-language films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1916 drama films Category:Paramount Pictures films Category:Films directed by George Melford Category:American black-and-white films Category:Lost American films Category:American silent feature films Category:1916 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films
44862512	A Girl Like You (Dallas Smith song)	"A Girl Like You'" is a song written by Jaren Johnston and Jimmy Robbins, and recorded by Canadian country rock singer Dallas Smith for his first extended play, Tippin' Point (2014). It was serviced to Canadian country radio via 604 Records on June 23, 2014 as the third single from the EP. ==Critical reception== Markus Meyer of country music blog The Shotgun Seat praised "A Girl Like You" for subverting expectations and being a love song rather than a degrading lyric. He writes: ""A Girl Like You" isn't deep, but it is well- written and features some clever lines ... Combine that with the solid tempo change throughout ... , a catchy melody and a restrained production, and you have one very enjoyable package." Shenieka Russell-Metcalf of Canadian country blog Top Country called "A Girl Like You" the kind of love song that "every lady wants to have written for her," noting that the song "has a great sound to it and it brings a smile to your face when you hear it." ==Music video== The video for "A Girl Like You", directed by Joel Stewart, premiered August 7, 2014 on Smith's official YouTube channel and features a live acoustic rendition of the song. It is Smith's first music video not to be directed by Stephano Barberis. ==Chart performance== "A Girl Like You" debuted at number 82 on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 for the week ending August 2, 2014. Chart (2014) Peak position ==References== Category:2014 songs Category:2014 singles Category:Dallas Smith songs Category:604 Records singles Category:Republic Nashville singles Category:Songs written by Jaren Johnston Category:Songs written by Jimmy Robbins Category:Song recordings produced by Joey Moi Category:Republic Records singles
44881164	A Howling in the Woods	A Howling in the Woods is a 1971 American made-for-television thriller film directed by Daniel Petrie and starring Barbara Eden, Larry Hagman, John Rubinstein, and Vera Miles. The teleplay was written by Richard DeRoy based on the 1968 novel by Velda Johnston. Its plot follows a housewife vacationing in the woods who experiences mysterious howling noises in the night. The film premiered on NBC as the NBC World Premiere Movie on November 5, 1971. It was released theatrically in Europe. Produced by Universal Television, the film was shot on location in Lake Tahoe and nearby Dayton, Nevada. A Howling in the Woods also reunited Barbara Eden and Larry Hagman shortly after their TV series I Dream of Jeannie was cancelled. ==Summary== Liza Crocker (Barbara Eden) is a disillusioned housewife with plans to divorce her husband Eddie (Larry Hagman). She returns to her family home in a small Nevada town to visit her step-mother (Vera Miles) and discovers she has a new step-brother (John Rubinstein), her father seemingly missing, mysterious behavior by the townsfolk and a mysterious howling in the woods at night. ==Cast== *Barbara Eden as Liza Crocker *Larry Hagman as Eddie Crocker *John Rubinstein as Justin Conway *Vera Miles as Rose Staines *Tyne Daly as Sally Bixton *Ruta Lee as Sharon *George Murdock as Mel Warren *Ford Rainey as Bud Henshaw *Lisa Gerritsen as Betsy Warren *Bill Vint as Lonnie Henshaw *Karl Swenson as Apperson ==References== * Johnston, Velda, A Howling in the Woods 186 p. Dodd, Mead & Company, New York (1968) ==External links== * * * Category:1971 television films Category:1971 films Category:1970s psychological thriller films Category:NBC network original films Category:American horror television films Category:Films based on thriller novels Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films set in Nevada Category:Films directed by Daniel Petrie Category:Films scored by Dave Grusin Category:1970s American films
45093080	A Fighting Colleen	A Fighting Colleen is a 1919 American silent comedy-drama film directed by David Smith and produced by Vitagraph Company of America. It stars Bessie Love and Charles Spere. The film is presumed lost. == Plot == Alannah Malone (Love), an Irish immigrant living in a tenement, who sells newspapers to make a living. When her mother dies, she engages in fistfights to defend her territory from newsboys. One particular newsboy (Spere) falls for her after she beats him up. The tenement in which Alannah lives is owned by the city's unjust mayor. When the District Attorney announces his candidacy for mayor, Alannah aids his campaign by gathering evidence to expose the mayor as a hypocrite. == Cast == * Bessie Love as Alannah Malone * Anne Schaefer as Mother Malone * Charles Spere as Jimmy Meehan * Jay Morley as Stanton Colby * George Kunkel as Mortimer Wall * Beulah Clark as Maggie O'Higgins == Reception == Press for the film likened it to Mary Pickford's Daddy Long Legs and Mabel Normand's Mickey. The film received positive reviews, and did well at the box office.Various contemporaneous reviews: * * * * == References == == External links == * * * Category:1919 comedy-drama films Category:1919 lost films Category:1919 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1910s English-language films Category:American silent feature films Category:Films directed by David Smith (director) Category:Films with screenplays by Gerald Duffy Category:Lost American films Category:Lost comedy-drama films Category:1910s American films Category:Silent American comedy-drama films
45125500	A God Against the Gods	A God Against the Gods is a 1976 historical novel by political novelist Allen Drury, which chronicles ancient Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten's attempt to establish a new religion in Egypt. It is told in a series of monologues by the various characters. Drury wrote a 1977 sequel, Return to Thebes, and a 1980 nonfiction book about Egypt. According to Drury the political struggles of Egypt resembled those of Washington, D. C. Both A God Against the Gods and Return to Thebes were reprinted in 2015 by WordFire Press. ==Plot summary== The ancient Egyptian empire, which stretched from modern day Syria across northern Africa, has reached its apex under the House of Thebes, the ruling family of the 18th dynasty. However, though the long-reigning Pharaoh Amenhotep III is popular, he is not very active, and the day to day rule of the empire is actually performed by his wife, Queen Tiye, who is beloved and is known as the Great Wife. The chief counselor to the Pharaoh is her brother, Aye, who has a reputation for wisdom. The House of Thebes had encouraged devotion to the god Amon-Ra, whose cult has become very powerful. Amenhotep had hoped to control the priests of Amon by making his wife’s brother, Aanen, the High Priest, but as Tiye feared, Aanen has tried to make the priests of Amon of equal power with the throne. To counter them, Amenhotep has made his six-year-old son Tuthmose high priest of another cult, and plans on making him co-regent. The priests of Amon insist on accompanying him to the ceremony, and then drown him in shallow water, claiming he fell in. Grief-stricken and furious, the Amenhotep and Tiye decide to emphasize the cult of the Aten. Like Amon, it is a manifestation of the overarching deity, Ra, the Sun. Tiye delivers a son whom they name Amenhotep, and dedicate to the Aten. Aye loses his wife in childbirth the same day, but the baby girl survives and is named Nefertiti. Amenhotep IV is at first healthy and happy, but is then stricken with a strange disease that misshapes his head and body. When he comes of age, he is married to Nefertiti. Now co-regent, Amenhotep IV is very dedicated to the Aten, and gives the deity a new symbol, a sun disk with twelve rays that end in hands. While the cult of Amon is a mystery religion, with the totem of Amon kept in a dark vault, the temples that Amenhotep has built for the Aten are open and sunny. Amenhotep begins to make his public appearances naked, and commands his sculptor to portray his misshapen body exactly as it is. He explains to his family that when he prayed to the other gods, his disease did not go away, but that when he had prayed to the Aten, the disease stopped its progress. Amenhotep takes the name Akhenaten, and announces that he is building a new capital, Akhetaten (modern day tel-el-Amarna), dedicated solely to the Aten. At this insult to Amon, the High Priest Aanen rushes at the young Pharaoh, but is instantly killed by Kaires, a trusted young soldier. As the old Pharaoh grows weaker, Akhenaten becomes stronger. He reveals that Kaires is in fact the illegitimate son of Aye, who acknowledges him in a public ceremony. Kaires takes the name Horemheb, and is given control over vast military and construction operations. Akhenaten himself does not concentrate on ruling, instead publicly worshipping the Aten, hoping to attract new adherents. The public has accepted his strangeness and are unconcerned about his devotion to one particular god, but are not interested in flowing his lead and do not want Amon to be insulted. Akhenaten and Nefertiti are unable to have sons. Desperate for a male heir, Akhenaten makes one of his own daughters pregnant, but the baby dies in childbirth and the young princess is unable to have more children. Akhenaten turns to his own younger brother, the handsome teenager Smenkhara, to be his heir and lover. Humiliated, Nefertiti asks permission to move into her own palace, in part so she can protect her other two daughters. Akhenaten is insulted. The relationship between the men becomes public, and the populace is not pleased. The family—including Akhenaten’s mother Tiye—try to maintain order, but are finding it increasingly difficult. The old Pharaoh Amenhotep III finally dies, and people can be heard to hiss at Akhenaten during the funeral procession to the Valley of the Kings. The hissing is especially audible when the procession stops by the temple of Amon on the way. After Amenhotep is interred, Akhenaten suddenly orders the royal barge to return to the temple of Amon. Furious at the hissing of the crowd, he orders his troops to batter down the doors to the temple, and has the statue of Amon brought out of its dark cell and thrown into the Nile, to the horror of everyone. Akhenaten announces that from that point on, the only legal religion is that of the Aten, and everyone is required to worship him alone. He also announces that Nefertiti cannot bear sons and deems her unfit to be Queen. He makes Smenhkara his co-regent, noting the boy to be "one with me in our hearts, bodies, and all things". ==Sequel== In 1977, Drury released the sequel Return to Thebes, in which the priests of the old polytheistic religion try to reassert control over Akhenaten and Nefertiti. Having failed to fully establish his new monotheistic religion and having made many enemies in the attempt, Akhenaten finds himself in a dangerous position. The story is told from the alternating perspectives of its many characters, including Akhenaten, his brother and lover Smenkhkara, Nefertiti, Tutankhamon, Aye and Horemheb. Kirkus Reviews called Return to Thebes "accessible Egyptology" while noting that "all those first-person spiels do manage to keep the history dusted, but, with fragmented viewpoints, only Akhenaten can grab any sympathy." James R. Frakes of The New York Times called Return to Thebes "an anesthesiologist's dream—monologue after monologue all yakking about the same things ... Drury's aim is honorable, but to evoke in prose the savage stillness of Egyptian friezes would require the pressurized genius of Beckett or an equally rabid poet of space and spirit." ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1976 American novels Category:American historical novels Category:American LGBT novels Category:Novels by Allen Drury Category:Novels set in ancient Egypt Category:Novels with gay themes Category:Cultural depictions of Akhenaten Category:Cultural depictions of Nefertiti Category:Cultural depictions of Tutankhamun Category:Novels set in the 14th century BC Category:Doubleday (publisher) books
4521906	A League of Ordinary Gentlemen	A League of Ordinary Gentlemen is a documentary film about ten-pin bowling that was released on DVD on March 21, 2006. It was written and directed by Christopher Browne and stars PBA Tour players Pete Weber, Walter Ray Williams Jr., Chris Barnes, and Wayne Webb. It was first televised nationally on the PBS series Independent Lens on April 25, 2006. ==Synopsis== The documentary follows four professional ten-pin bowlers at various stages of their careers after the Professional Bowlers Association is purchased by a trio of Microsoft programmers, who then hire Steve Miller, a Nike marketing guru, to revitalize the sport. ==Cast== *Steve Miller *Wayne Webb, a 20-time champion and 1980 PBA Player of the Year who has fallen on hard times *Pete Weber, son of legendary bowler Dick Weber and renowned "bad boy" of the PBA who was serving a disciplinary suspension when the PBA Tour was purchased *Walter Ray Williams Jr., the dominant player on tour, with 36 PBA titles *Chris Barnes, a comparatively young pro trying to support his wife and newborn twins ==Soundtrack== The documentary features the song by comedian Stephen Lynch called "Bowling Song (Almighty Malachi, Professional Bowling God)." This track is featured on Lynch's second official album, Superhero, released in 2002. ==DVD features== * Deleted Scenes * PBA TV Spots * Skills Challenge Highlights * PBA Event Clips * Dexter Approach: Tips and Techniques (Hosted by 13-time PBA Tour titlist and current Fox Sports 1 (FS1) TV color-analyst Randy Pedersen.) * Theatrical Trailer ==Featured bowlers after the film== Wayne Webb never won another regular PBA Tour title after the completion of the film. He now runs Wayne Webb's Columbus Bowl in Columbus, Ohio, and for several years ran a karaoke business on the side. He later joined the PBA Senior Tour (for players age 50 and older, now named the PBA50 Tour), and made a splash by winning the 2008 Senior U.S. Open. In 2010, he was named PBA Senior Player of the Year. Chris Barnes earned his first-ever PBA Player of the Year award in the 2007-08 season. He twice won what was (at the time) the biggest prize check in the history of televised bowling ($200,000) by winning the Motel 6 Roll to Riches events in 2005 and 2006. Barnes was inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame in 2018, and won his 19th PBA Tour title later that year. In September, 2006, Walter Ray Williams Jr. surpassed Earl Anthony for first place on the PBA's All-Time titles list with his win over Pete Weber in the Dydo Japan Cup. Walter earned 47 PBA Tour titles (the most all-time), with his final title coming at the USBC Masters in February, 2010. He retired from the standard PBA Tour in 2021 at age 61, but still participates on the PBA50 Tour. In August of 2021, Williams won his 15th PBA50 Tour title, surpassing John Handegard for the most titles all-time on that tour. He is still going strong on the PBA50 Tour at age 63, winning his 16th title in the 2022 season. As of 2022, Pete Weber is fourth on the PBA's all-time list with 37 titles, with his most recent title coming at age 50 in the PBA Tournament of Champions on March 31, 2013. At the time, that victory tied Weber with Earl Anthony for the most major championships in PBA Tour history (10). A year earlier (2012), Weber won his record fifth U.S. Open title.Vint, Bill. "Pete Weber Wins Record Fifth U.S. Open to Surpass Father Dick Weber and Don Carter." Article at www.pba.com on February 26, 2012. Like Williams, Weber retired from the regular PBA Tour in 2021, but continues to compete on the PBA50 Tour, where he has won 13 titles. ==Legacy== The seventh episode of the 2015 series of Documentary Now! (IFC), "Any Given Saturday Afternoon", is a mockumentary of A League of Ordinary Gentlemen. ==References== ==External links== * *Official Website *Official PBS website of first national showing *Rotten Tomatoes list of reviews of the documentary Category:Ten-pin bowling films Category:American sports documentary films
45276031	A Kind of English	A Kind of English is a 1986 British drama film, directed by Ruhul Amin and written by Paul Hallam. It stars Lalita Ahmed, Jamil Ali, Afroza Bulbul, Badsha Haq and Andrew Johnson. The film is about a Bengali family living in London. ==Cast== * Lalita Ahmed as Mariom * Jamil Ali as Samir * Afroza Bulbul as Shahanara * Badsha Haq as Chan * Andrew Johnson as Tariq ==Reception== A Kind of English was shown in festivals around the world and earned critical acclaim. The film was compared with early work of De Sica and Satyajit Ray. ==See also== * Brick Lane (2007 film) ==References== ==External links== * * * * A Kind of English at Movies.com * Category:1986 films Category:1986 drama films Category:British Bangladeshi films Category:British drama films Category:British independent films Category:1980s Bengali-language films Category:Films shot in London Category:Films set in London Category:1986 directorial debut films Category:1980s English-language films Category:1980s British films
45303168	A Bearded Man	thumb|250px|A Bearded Man (c. 1617–1618) by Rubens A Bearded Man is a study by Peter Paul Rubens, now held in the Museo Soumaya in Mexico City. ==History== It was attributed to Rubens by Max Friedländer, Valentiner Held and Jaffé, who date it to between 1617 and 1618 from indications that it was produced in his Wapper studio-house in Antwerp. At that time Rubens' only assistant was Anthony van Dyck.Sansores San Román, Carlos (2005). Seis siglos de arte. Cien grandes maestros. México: Museo Soumaya. Fundación Carso A.C. p. 60. == Construction site == This work, which is a study, was attributed to Rubens by Max Friedländer, Valentiner Held and Jaffé. These authors indicate that it was painted between 1617 and 1618, which indicates that it was carried out in the house-studio in Wapper Street, Antwerp. In this time and place, Anton Van Dyck used to attend this studio to assimilate the secrets and technique of Rubens. ==References== Category:1618 paintings Category:Paintings by Peter Paul Rubens Category:Paintings in the Museo Soumaya
45331024	A Genius in the Family (book)	thumb A Genius in the Family is a memoir by Piers and Hilary du Pré, which chronicles the life and career of their late sister, cellist Jacqueline du Pré. The book claims to tell the true story of their family lives, and each chapter is headed 'Piers' or 'Hilary', according to which author wrote it. A film, Hilary and Jackie, was made in 1998 telling essentially the same story, but did not mirror details of events as recounted in the book. The film and the book were both developed simultaneously. This film is not an adaptation of an already-published book. An 'Inside Film' programme, handed out at showings of the film quotes screenwriter Frank Cottrell Boyce as saying, "Hilary was working on the book at the same time as I was working on the film ... it was at a very early stage when we were doing the script." The film was in fact based on conversations with Hilary and Piers, and unlike the book, does not claim to be the true story. This distinction is important because both film and book have attracted intense criticism, especially from music lovers and friends of the cellist, and from her husband, the famous musician and conductor Daniel Barenboim, who feel that they have sullied the memory of her with details of her private life that are either contested or too shocking to be made public. ==References== Category:1997 non-fiction books Category:British memoirs Category:Collaborative memoirs Category:Chatto & Windus books
45387446	A Chinese Life	A Chinese Life () is a 2012 French graphic novel co-written by Li Kunwu and Philippe Ôtié and illustrated by Li Kunwu. Edward Gauvin translated the book into English. The book describes Li Kunwu's life during the Cultural Revolution."A Chinese Life by Li Kunwu and Philippe Ôtié, translated by Edward Gauvin." Smithsonian Asian Pacific American Center. Retrieved on 13 February 2015. Kana published the French version,"Une vie chinoise." Kana. Retrieved on February 13, 2015. and SelfMadeHero published the English translation."A Chinese Life." SelfMadeHero. Retrieved on February 13, 2015. Li Kunwu (born 1955),Smart, James. "A Chinese Life by Li Kunwu and P Ôtié – review ." The Guardian. October 12, 2012. Retrieved on February 13, 2015. an artist, received a proposal to make a graphic novel about his life in 2005. The co- writer, Ôtié, worked for the French Embassy as a commercial counselor/advisor to Yunnan. It was first published in France; the first volume was published in 2009, and the third and final volume was published in 2011. In 2012 the English version was published in one volume. Clément Benech of Libération described it as somewhat of an equivalent of Vie Française by Jean-Paul Dubois. ==Reception== James Smart of The Guardian wrote that "This ambitious graphic novel pulls you to the chest of the world's latest superpower, shows you something of what it has gained and lost, and lets you go, 60 years later, drained and intrigued and feeling as though you know China's great, tangled present a little bit better." ==References== Category:2009 graphic novels Category:Autobiographical graphic novels Category:Books about China Category:French graphic novels
45390106	A Desperate Crime	A Desperate Crime (), also known as Histoire d'un crime, was a 1906 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès. ==Plot== As night falls on a farmyard in the French countryside, four masked bandits climb over the gate and break into the farmhouse. They bind and gag the farmer and his wife, and stab a male and female servant who attempt to help their masters. In an attempt to get the farmer to divulge where he has his money hidden, the bandits burn his feet with embers from the fireplace, but the farmer remains silent. When the bandits threaten to do the same to the farmer's young daughter, the farmer's wife gives in and reveals the money's hiding place. The bandits gather the money; just as they are attempting to flee, the farmer's wife tears off the bandit chief's mask, revealing his face. In retaliation for the unmasking, the bandit chief sets the house on fire, and the bandits escape in the confusion. The bandits return to their hideout in an abandoned quarry, warning the rest of their gang that policemen are on their track. The police soon break into the hideout, and a large fight ensues. The bandit chief escapes with the few gang members who have survived of the fight, with the surviving policemen in pursuit. The bandits flee through the quarry into the mountains. The chief is finally ambushed by hiding policemen, captured, and put on trial. The farmer's wife, the only survivor of the fire in the farmhouse, identifies the bandit, and he is sentenced to death. The bandit chief, after a night tormented by dreams of his crimes, is led to the guillotine, executed, and thrown into an unmarked grave. ==Production== Méliès's greatest financial successes had occurred in 1903 and 1904; by 1906, his fortunes had begun to decline as competition with other firms, such as Pathé Frères and Gaumont, became more intense. In an attempt to keep financially afloat, Méliès expanded from his usual fantasy style to try making films in the genres his competitors had made popular, including the melodramas A Desperate Crime and The Christmas Angel and the chase film The Chimney Sweep. According to the 1944 recollections of Georges Méliès's nephew Paul, the scenario for A Desperate Crime was written by Gaston Méliès (Georges's brother and Paul's father). Méliès's American catalogue claimed that the crime in the film was based on a real-life incident. The film is heavily indebted to Histoire d'un crime, a 1901 film by Méliès's competitor Ferdinand Zecca; the plot closely follows the events of the earlier film, differing only in the details of the crime itself. On the other hand, Méliès's film is stylistically very different from Zecca's, which uses a faster pace and a more stringent insistence on journalistic realism. The actor Manuel, who directed some films for the Méliès studio in 1908, plays the main role of the bandit who is arrested and executed. Georges Méliès probably plays the executioner's assistant. In a highly unusual move for Méliès, many of the scenes were shot outdoors on location, outside of Méliès's property in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis; as far as is known, the only other occasions Méliès filmed outside his property were for some of the actuality films he made between 1896 and 1900. One scene was filmed in a disused quarry in Montreuil. Despite the film's unusual subject for Méliès, it features several of the special effects techniques he had famously used in his fantasy films, including substitution splices, multiple exposures, dissolves, and pyrotechnic effects. ==Release and survival== The film was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 824–837 in its catalogues, where it was advertised as a grand drame réaliste en 22 tableaux. As with at least 4% of Méliès's output, some prints were individually hand-colored and sold at a higher price. The two final scenes, showing the execution, were specified as optional in France, for fear their realism would frighten the audience. Unusually for Méliès, special publicity artwork was commissioned to advertise the film at American showings: three lithographs by the Donaldson Lithographing Company, and a half-sheet poster by Hennegan and Company. (The founders of these companies, William Donaldson and James Hennegan, are now better known as the founding editors of Billboard magazine.) A fragment of the film survives; the rest is presumed lost. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Films directed by Georges Méliès Category:1906 films Category:Lost French films Category:French silent short films Category:French black-and- white films
454136	A Collection of Great Dance Songs	A Collection of Great Dance Songs is a compilation album by English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 23 November 1981 in the United Kingdom by Harvest Records and in the United States by Columbia Records. ==Content== The album contains alternative mixes of "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" (comprised parts 1, 2, 4 and 7) and "Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)". "Money" was entirely re-recorded, as Capitol Records refused to license the track to Columbia/CBS Records. David Gilmour re-recorded the track himself, playing most of the instruments, and co-produced the song with James Guthrie. Dick Parry reprised his saxophone parts on the track. ==Title and packaging== The ironic title was a reference to the disco rhythms of "Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)", as well as Nick Mason's joke that the band's U.S. label "probably thought they were a dance band". The album art featured a photograph of ballroom dancers anchored to the ground so they cannot move. The inner sleeve had pictures of dancers on either a white (UK) or black (US) background. ==Release and reception== The album was certified Gold by the RIAA on 29 January 1982 and Platinum on 6 July 1989 and Double Platinum in August 2001. The album reached number 37 on the United Kingdom charts and number 31 in the United States. Columbia issued the remastered CD in 1997 in the US and most of the world save Europe. Then a 1997 remastered CD was re-released in 2000 on Capitol Records in the US and EMI for the rest of the world including Europe. The album was released once again in 2016 under the band's Pink Floyd Records imprint, distributed by Sony Music internationally and by Warner Music in Europe, and was released on LP as well as CD. Reviewing in Christgau's Record Guide: The '80s (1990), Robert Christgau said of the album: "With the rerecorded 'Money' sporting a livelier bottom to protect them from truth-in- titling and felonious injury charges, this gathers up their tuneful moments, which have always been far between – so far between, in fact, that even the unconverted may miss the ersatz symphonic structures in which they're properly embedded." Rob Sheffield was less enthusiastic in The Rolling Stone Album Guide (2004), writing that both this compilation and the next, 1983's Works, are "pointless 'hits' collections from a band that disdained hits". ==Track listing== ===Original LP=== ===8-track cartridge=== ;Program 1 ;Program 2 ;Program 3 ;Program 4 ==Personnel== ;Pink Floyd *Roger Waters – bass (except on "Money" and "Sheep"), lead vocals on "Sheep", "Shine On You Crazy Diamond", and "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II", backing vocals, rhythm guitar on "Sheep" *Richard Wright – keyboards and synthesizers (except on "Money"), backing vocals *David Gilmour – lead and rhythm guitars, lead vocals on "Wish You Were Here", "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" and "Money", bass on "One of These Days", "Money" and "Sheep", keyboards on "Money", drums on "Money", backing vocals *Nick Mason – drums (except on "Money"), vocal phrase on "One of These Days" ;Additional personnel *James Guthrie – remastering production *The Islington Green School – vocals on "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II" *Dick Parry – saxophone on "Money" *Doug Sax – mastering and remastering *TCP (pseudonym for Hipgnosis) – sleeve design and photos (Storm Thorgerson, Peter Christopherson, and Aubrey "Po" Powell) ==Charts== Weekly chart performance for A Collection of Great Dance Songs Chart (1981–82) Peak position Australian Albums (Kent Music Report) 14 Italian Albums (Musica e Dischi) Set "Tipo" on "Album". Then, in the "Titolo" field, search "A collection of great dance songs". 24 ==Certifications== ==References== == External links == *Album trivia and quotes Category:1981 greatest hits albums Category:Albums produced by Bob Ezrin Category:Albums produced by David Gilmour Category:Albums produced by Nick Mason Category:Albums produced by Richard Wright (musician) Category:Albums produced by Roger Waters Category:Albums with cover art by Hipgnosis Category:Albums with cover art by Storm Thorgerson Category:Pink Floyd compilation albums Category:Capitol Records compilation albums Category:Columbia Records compilation albums Category:EMI Records compilation albums Category:Harvest Records compilation albums Category:Albums recorded at Morgan Sound Studios
45443976	A Dainty Politician	A Dainty Politician is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film focuses on corruption political activity during a political convention in which a corrupt politician is running for re-election to the United States Congress. The votes are tallied and the challenger ties with the corrupt Congressman Casey, but a third candidate holds the balance of power. Casey bribes the third candidate to retire in his favor, but the plot is uncovered and the two are ejected from the convention by a reporter who falls in love with challenger's daughter. The film was released on August 23, 1910, and saw a wide national release. Little is known of the actual production, but it received mixed reaction for the plausibility of its plot. The film is presumed lost. == Plot == Though the film is presumed lost, a synopsis survives in The Moving Picture World from August 27, 1910. It states: "Congressman Casey is a type of the ward politician who is now, fortunately, being rapidly eliminated from politics. He is planning his re-election to Congress. The decent movement in the community has been aroused and a movement is on foot to nominate Professor Blake, a citizen of high standing and character. John Willette, a reporter for the Daily Globe, calls on Professor Blake to inform him that he will be requested to run for the nomination and shows an article on the subject that has appeared in the Daily Globe. Professor Blake receives him cordially and he meets Professor Blake's daughter, Marie; the young people proceed to fall in love. The time for the convention arrives. As the convention is assembling and before they proceed to business, a band of suffragettes headed by Miss Croup gain admission and attempt to get a plank introduced in the platform favoring 'votes for women.' The convention turns them down and they are ejected from the floor." "Nominations are then made for candidates, and after a vote has been taken it is found that ballots for Casey and Professor Blake are very evenly divided in that a candidate named Jennings, who is receiving the fewest votes, holds the balance of power. The convention takes a recess and Casey endeavors to bribe Jennings to retire in his favor and throw all his votes to Casey. Willett overhears enough of the bargain to make him suspicious, and communicates his beliefs to Marie. Between them they contrive to so fix the connection of the telephone in Casey's room that they can overhear the completion of the bribery plot. They succeed in this, and hear Jennings agree to the bargain for the consideration of a large-size check which Casey hands to him. The convention reconvenes, and John Willette appears and makes the charge publicly that Casey has bribed Jennings to throw his votes. Casey and Jennings indignantly deny this, and Marie comes forward as a witness; whereupon Jennings and Casey try to leave the convention. Delegates grab Jennings; search him and find the check given him by Casey. The two are ejected from the convention, which at once nominates Professor Blake and acclaims the two lovers who made the nomination possible." == Production == The writer of the scenario is unknown, but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan. He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions. One advertisement claimed, likely in error, that this film was based on the play The Man of the Hour. Written by George Broadhurst, the play focused on political corruption in the form of graft, but the play itself was apparently inspired by politicians of New York. The plot of the film includes a nod to the Women's suffrage movement, but it would be a decade before the Nineteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibited any United States citizen from being denied the right to vote on the basis of sex. The character, Congressman Casey, would later be seen again in Orator, Knight and Cow Charmer. The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil. Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production, but at least two possible candidates exist. Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company, but he was soon joined by Carl Louis Gregory who had years of experience as a still and motion picture photographer. The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions. There are no known credits for the cast, but Anna Rosemond and Frank H. Crane are two possible actors that were prominent players in 1910. Credits may have included Anna Rosemond, one of two leading ladies of the Thanhouser company in this era. Frank H. Crane was a leading male actor of the company and also involved since the very beginnings of the Thanhouser Company. Bowers states that most of the credits are fragmentary for 1910 Thanhouser productions. A surviving film still leaves open the possibility of identifying two characters. ==Release and reception == The one reel drama, approximately 960 feet long, was released on August 23, 1910. The film had a wide national release, theater advertisements are known in Kansas, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Washington, Indiana, New Hampshire, Arizona, Texas, Ohio, and Illinois. One of the last known advertisements for the film was in Bryan, Texas on March 6, 1912. The film was reviewed positively in The Moving Picture World which stated, "Apparently someone connected with the Thanhouser Company has learned something of ward politics, and the methods of controlling a convention are very clearly and bluntly stated. It isn't always possible to expose plots such as this one was exposed, but it would have been a good thing if it could be done.... The situations are dramatically worked out and the interest never flags from the beginning to the end. A love story adds a certain degree of interest to the picture, and the development of the plot is strengthened by the young people's lovemaking." The New York Dramatic Mirror disagreed with the plausibility of the depicted political manipulation, but found the picture to be interesting and the acting to be adequate. Later publications would also reference the film for its content, like The Columbia Companion to American History on Film which cites it as an example of a political machine based on graft and deceit. Neither graft nor deceit is actually in play with the production, for pure bribery is the method upon which the politician uses to gain political power. Kay Sloan, author of The Loud Silents: Origins of the Social Problem Film, states that the film explored the problem of political corruption and critics approved because they saw was a realistic portrayal. Another release dealing with political corruption was The Girl Reporter, released by Thanhouser on August 16, 1910. ==See also== * List of American films of 1910 == References == Category:1910 films Category:1910s political drama films Category:American political drama films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Thanhouser Company films Category:Lost American films Category:1910 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910 drama films Category:1910s American films Category:Silent American drama films
45474532	A Closer Look (Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel album)	A Closer Look is a compilation album by Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel, which was released by EMI Records in the United States in 1975. It features material recorded by the original Cockney Rebel as well as the reformed Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel line-up. ==Background== A Closer Look was released as an attempt to raise awareness and provide Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel with a commercial breakthrough in the United States. Between 1973 and 1975, the band had achieved commercial and critical success in the UK and Europe, but had only a cult following in the US. The compilation was released to coincide with the band's first tour of the US in late 1975 as a support act for The Kinks. The ten tracks on the compilation are taken from the band's three studio albums up to that point, The Human Menagerie (1973), The Psychomodo (1974), and The Best Years of Our Lives (1975). It included all of the singles released by the band, with the exception of "Judy Teen". A Closer Look failed to provide the band with a commercial breakthrough. Cockney Rebel would see their only appearance in the US charts with "Make Me Smile (Come Up and See Me)", which reached number 96 on the Billboard Hot 100 in March 1976. ==Release== A Closer Look was released by EMI Records as a vinyl LP in the United States only, with Capitol Records handling the manufacturing and distribution. In the attempt to gain interest in the compilation in the UK, adverts were placed in music magazines announcing the compilation was available from EMI International as a "special import". The album was given its first CD release in 2001, when it was issued by BGO Records as a double-album set with the band's 1976 album Love's a Prima Donna. ==Critical reception== On its release, Cash Box considered A Closer Look to "showcase Harley as a songwriter of subtleties". The reviewer wrote, "Shot through his songs are word diversions and innuendos that prove a natural attribute when paired off with a ballad and light pop aura. Harley's neutral vocal stance proves the right vehicle for the songs while loose instrumentals buoy up the proceedings." They concluded, "A Closer Look is Harley at a slightly eccentric and totally entertaining musical purge." R. B. Ragg of the Oakland Tribune wrote, "A Closer Look shines a beacon of light on Harley's desperately excellent lyrics and his band. Alternating between schizophrenia, romantic tears and bolero sidesteps, Harley appears to be a captivating new force in English rock and roll." Pierre-Rene Noth of the Milwaukee Journal stated, "Harley does an unusual cabaret style rock marred in the past by great inconsistency. This selection finally provides Harley with what he needed most – some severe editing. In the process, A Closer Look becomes a unique album by a unique artist." Keith Sharp of the Calgary Herald commented, "If anything, A Closer Look chronicles the change in musical direction this band has taken during the past years, caused mainly by a rash of personnel changes. Although Harley's music is an acquired taste to say the least, tracks such as 'Mirror Freak', 'Hideaway', 'Mr. Raffles' and 'Psychomodo' make this album worth listening to." In a retrospective review, Donald A. Guarisco of AllMusic considered A Closer Look to be a "nice sampler of this group's glory days", with a good balance between the band's "short pop tunes that blended clever lyrics with hook-filled tunes" and their "lengthier, often orchestrated epics that allowed Harley to give full rein to his arty ambitions". He concluded, "Although it omits some crucial hits like 'Judy Teen' and was released too early to include anything from the excellent Love's a Prima Donna, A Closer Look remains a solid introduction to the career of an underrated but very worthwhile group from the artier side of glam rock." ==Track listing== All songs written and composed by Steve Harley. ==Personnel== Cockney Rebel * Steve Harley – vocals (all tracks) * Jean Paul-Crocker – cello, bow bass, electric violin, mandolin, electric guitar (tracks 4-5, 9) * Milton Reame-James – organ, electric piano, harpsichord (tracks 4-5, 9) * Paul Jeffreys – bass guitar (tracks 4-5, 9) * Stuart Elliott – drums (all tracks) Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel * Steve Harley – vocals (all tracks) * Jim Cregan – guitar (tracks 1-3, 6-8, 10) * Duncan MacKay – keyboards (tracks 1-3, 6-8, 10) * George Ford – bass guitar (tracks 1-3, 6-8, 10) * Stuart Elliott – drums (all tracks) Production * Steve Harley – producer (tracks 1-3, 6-8, 10) * Alan Parsons – producer (tracks 1-3, 6-8, 10) * Neil Harrison – producer (tracks 4-5, 9) Other * Roy Kohara – art direction * Chuck Ames – design ==References== Category:1975 compilation albums Category:Steve Harley & Cockney Rebel albums Category:EMI Records compilation albums
45476828	A Conspiracy of Stars	A Conspiracy of Stars is the 21st studio album (and most recent album of original material) by British hard rock band UFO, released on 23 February 2015. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== ;Band members * Phil Mogg – vocals * Vinnie Moore – all guitars * Paul Raymond – keyboards * Rob De Luca – bass * Andy Parker – drums ;Additional personnel * Chris Tsangarides – production, recording and mixing * Helge Engelke – mastering * Tristan Greatrex – album artwork ==Charts== Chart (2015) Peak position ==References== ==External links== *Review by Joe at When Prog and Power Unite Category:2015 albums Category:UFO (band) albums Category:SPV/Steamhammer albums Category:Albums produced by Chris Tsangarides
45535638	A Funny Mahometan	A Funny Mahometan () was an 1897 short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès. It was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and numbered 94 in its catalogues, where it was advertised as a scène comique. The film was shot outside in the garden of Méliès's property in Montreuil, Seine-Saint-Denis, with painted scenery. Méliès himself played the Muslim of the title. A Funny Mahometan, with its presumably Algerian Muslim, is the first known film on an Algerian topic in cinema history. The film is currently presumed lost. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Films directed by Georges Méliès Category:1897 films Category:Lost French films Category:French comedy short films Category:French silent short films Category:French black-and-white films Category:1897 comedy films Category:1890s lost films Category:1897 short films Category:Silent comedy films Category:1890s French films Category:Films about Islam
45578675	A Little Girl in a Big City	A Little Girl in a Big City is a 1925 silent film drama directed by Burton L. King and starring Gladys Walton. It is based on an off-Broadway play, A Little Girl in a Big City, by James Kyrle MacCurdy. It was Gladys Walton's final film. Several copies are preserved in positive and negative formats in the Library of Congress archive.Catalog of Holdings The American Film Institute Collection and The United Artists Collection at The Library of Congress, (<-book title) p..104 c.1978 by The American Film Institute A DVD of the film was released by Grapevine Video in 2012. ==Cast== * Gladys Walton – Mary Barry * Niles Welch – Jack McGuire * Mary Thurman – Mrs. Howard Young * J. Barney Sherry – Howard Young * Coit Albertson – D. V. Cortelyou * Helen Shipman – Rose McGuire * Sally Crute – Mrs. Barry * Nellie Savage – Dolly Griffith ==References== ==External links== * * * dvd of the film Category:1925 films Category:American silent feature films Category:American films based on plays Category:Films directed by Burton L. King Category:1925 drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Silent American drama films Category:Gotham Pictures films Category:1920s American films
45631030	A Fallen Idol	A Fallen Idol is a lostThe Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog: A Fallen Idol 1919 American silent melodrama film starring Evelyn Nesbit, a famed former model and Broadway showgirl who had been at the center of two highly publicized court trials after her wealthy husband shot and killed a prominent architect in 1906 in front of hundreds of witnesses. The plot has some parallels with Nesbit's well-known life story, as do most of the films in which she appeared – exploiting her fame to attract audiences to her films. As in her life, the story centers around a beautiful woman pursued by two male rivals and a rape by a man of wealth and power. Other aspects of the story are quite different from those of her life. Nesbit plays a Hawaiian princess. ==Plot== The plot centers around the Hawaiian Princess Laone (Nesbit), whose love for a man named Keith Parrish is thwarted by societal pressure from her benefactor Mrs. Parrish, who is his aunt. Princess Laone is despondent after being persuaded to refuse Keith Parrish's proposal, and she attempts suicide, but is rescued by Keith Parrish. After Parrish leaves town to take care of his father, Princess Laone is told he has abandoned her, and she departs for Hawaii on board the yacht of the dastardly wealthy playboy Stephen Brainard. Princess Laone is forced into having sex with Brainard by being threatened with gang rape by his crew. Keith Parrish is accused of stealing a sacred necklace, but Princess Laone is able to prove that he is innocent and that Brainard was smuggling the necklace. Brainard is arrested and the princess is able to marry Keith Parrish in the end.The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Fallen Idol ==Cast== * Evelyn Nesbit as Princess Laone * Lillian Lawrence as Mrs. Parrish * Sidney Mason as Keith Parrish * Lyster Chambers as Stephen Brainard * Pat J. Hartigan as Brainard's Chief Mate * Harry Semels as Tushau * Thelma Parker as Lato * Marie Newton as Elsie Blair * Fred C. Williams as Keith's Father ==See also== * 1937 Fox vault fire ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1919 films Category:American silent feature films Category:Fox Film films Category:Lost American films Category:1919 drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Kenean Buel Category:Melodrama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1919 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films
45681521	A Fair Impostor	A Fair Impostor may refer to: * A Fair Impostor (novel), 1909 work by Charles Garvice * A Fair Impostor (film), a 1916 film adaptation directed by Alexander Butler
45681561	A Fair Impostor (novel)	A Fair Impostor is a 1909 novel by the British writer Charles Garvice. It was adapted into a 1916 film of the same title directed by Alexander Butler.Low p.285 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Low, Rachael. The History of British Film, Volume III: 1914-1918. Routledge, 1997. Category:1909 British novels Category:Novels by Charles Garvice Category:British novels adapted into films
45682582	A Little Bit of Fluff (1919 film)	A Little Bit of Fluff is a 1919 British silent comedy film directed by Kenelm Foss and Geoffrey H. Malins and starring Ernest Thesiger, Dorothy Minto and Bertie Wright. The film is an adaptation of the popular stage farce of the same name by Walter W. Ellis.Low p.399 Ernest Thesiger reprised his stage success as Bertram Tully, as did Alfred Drayton (Dr. Bigland) and Stanley Lathbury (Nixon Trippet). The play was filmed again in 1928. The 1919 version was made at the Kew Bridge Studios in London. ==Cast== * Ernest Thesiger as Bertram Tully * Dorothy Minto as Mamie Scott * Bertie Wright as John Ayers * Kitty Barlow as Pamela Ayers * James Lindsay as Aunt Agnes * Alfred Drayton as Dr. Bigland * Stanley Lathbury as Nixon Tippett ==Critical reception== Amongst contemporary reviews, The Derbyshire Advertiser noted "a riot of extraordinary and mirth-provoking scenes, and during its projection large audiences were continually laughing in the hearty manner that tells of real appreciation and enjoyment. Ernest Thesiger, as Bertram Tully, was the outstanding character of the film, and his facial expressions were truly wonderful achievements”; while Cinema Chat wrote, "It’s a perfect scream from start to finish, and the acting in several of the ludicrous scenes is clever - that’s the very word for it. We believe that this is Ernest Thesiger’s first appearance in the movies.” ==References== ==Bibliography== * Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1918-1929. George Allen & Unwin, 1971. ==External links== * Category:1919 films Category:1919 comedy films Category:British silent feature films Category:British comedy films Category:Films directed by Kenelm Foss Category:British films based on plays Category:Films set in England Category:Films shot at Kew Bridge Studios Category:British black-and-white films Category:1910s English-language films Category:1910s British films Category:Silent comedy films Category:English-language comedy films
460442	A Bug's Life	A Bug's Life is a 1998 American computer-animated comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures as its second feature-length film, following Toy Story (1995). Directed by John Lasseter and co-directed by Andrew Stanton from a screenplay written by Stanton, Donald McEnery and Bob Shaw and a story conceived by Lasseter, Stanton and Joe Ranft, the film stars the voices of Dave Foley, Kevin Spacey and Julia Louis-Dreyfus. In the film, a misfit ant named Flik, looks for "tough warriors" to save his ant colony from a protection racket run by a gang of grasshoppers. Unfortunately, the "warriors" he brings back turn out to be an inept troupe of Circus Bugs. The film's plot was initially inspired by Aesop's fable The Ant and the Grasshopper. Production on A Bug's Life began shortly after the release of Toy Story in 1995. The ants in the film were redesigned to be more appealing, and Pixar's animation unit employed technical innovations in computer animation. Randy Newman composed the music for the film. During production, a controversial public feud erupted between Steve Jobs and Lasseter of Pixar and DreamWorks co-founder Jeffrey Katzenberg due to the parallel production of his similar film Antz, which was released the same year. The film was released worldwide on November 20, 1998, received positive reviews and became a commercial success, having grossed $363 million at the box office. It was the first film to be digitally transferred frame-by-frame and released on DVD, and has been released multiple times on home video. ==Plot== A colony of ants, led by the elderly Queen and her daughter Princess Atta, live in the middle of a seasonally dry creekbed on a small hill known as "Ant Island". Every summer, they are forced to give food to a gang of bullying grasshoppers, led by Hopper. One day, a courageous but clumsy inventor ant named Flik accidentally destroys the food offering with his grain harvester. Hopper discovers this, and demands twice as much food as compensation. When Flik earnestly suggests the ants enlist the help of bigger bugs to fight the grasshoppers, Atta sees it as a way to get rid of Flik and sends him off. Flik travels to "the city", a heap of trash under a trailer. Flik mistakes a troupe of jobless Circus Bugs for the warrior bugs he seeks. The bugs, in turn, mistake Flik for a talent agent, and agree to travel with him back to Ant Island. During a welcome ceremony after their arrival, the Circus Bugs and Flik discover their mutual misunderstandings. The Circus Bugs attempt to leave, but are pursued by a nearby bird; while fleeing, they rescue Atta's younger sister Dot from the bird, gaining the ants' respect. At Flik's request, the Circus Bugs continue the ruse of being "warriors", thus enabling them to continue enjoying the ants' hospitality. Learning that Hopper fears birds inspires Flik to build a crewed ornithopter disguised as a bird to scare away the grasshoppers. Meanwhile, Hopper reminds his gang of the ants' superior numbers, warning them the ants will rebel if not kept in line. The ants finish constructing the fake bird. During the subsequent celebration, the Circus Bugs' old boss, P.T. Flea, arrives, seeking to rehire them and blowing their cover; the ants exile Flik and the Circus Bugs, and desperately attempt to gather food for a new offering. Hopper returns, sees the mediocre offering and takes over the island. He then demands the ants' own winter food supply, planning to execute the Queen afterward. Overhearing the plan, Dot persuades Flik and the Circus Bugs to return to Ant Island. After the Circus Bugs distract the grasshoppers long enough to rescue the Queen, Flik deploys the bird. It initially fools the grasshoppers, but P.T., who is also fooled, sets the bird on fire. Realizing the deception, Hopper has Flik publicly beaten to teach the ants a lesson, proclaiming that the ants are lowly life forms who live solely to serve the grasshoppers. Flik asserts that Hopper actually fears the colony, because he has always known what they are capable of. This inspires the ants and the Circus Bugs to fight back against the grasshoppers, driving all but Hopper away. The ants shove Hopper into the circus cannon to shoot him off of the island, but rain suddenly begins to fall. In the ensuing chaos, Hopper frees himself from the cannon and abducts Flik. The Circus Bugs and Atta pursue, with the latter catching up to Hopper and rescuing Flik, who lures Hopper to the real bird's nest. Believing the bird is another fake, Hopper taunts it, until it grabs him and feeds him to its chicks. With the anthill now at peace, Flik improves his inventions to help gather food for the ants. Flik and Atta become a couple, and proceed to send Hopper's affable brother Molt and a few ants to help P.T. and the Circus Bugs on their new tour. Atta and Dot become the new Queen and Princess. The ants celebrate their victory and congratulate Flik as a hero. They then bid a fond farewell to the circus troupe. ==Voice cast== ==Production== ===Development=== During the summer of 1994, Pixar's story department began turning their thoughts to their next film.Price, p. 157 The storyline for A Bug's Life originated from a lunchtime conversation between John Lasseter, Andrew Stanton, Pete Docter and Joe Ranft, the studio's head story team; other films such as Monsters, Inc., Finding Nemo and WALL-E were also conceived at this lunch.Price, p. 158 Lasseter and his story team had already been drawn to the idea of insects serving as characters. Like toys, insects were within the reach of computer animation back then, due to their relatively simple surfaces. Stanton and Ranft wondered whether they could find a starting point in Aesop's fable The Ant and the Grasshopper. Walt Disney had produced his own version with a cheerier ending decades earlier in the 1934 short film The Grasshopper and the Ants. In addition, Walt Disney Feature Animation had considered producing a film in the late-1980s entitled Army Ants, that centered around a pacifist ant living in a militaristic colony, but this never fully materialized. As Stanton and Ranft discussed the adaptation, they rattled off scenarios and storylines springing from their premise. Lasseter liked the idea and offered some suggestions. The concept simmered until early 1995, when the story team began work on the second film in earnest. During an early test screening for Toy Story in San Rafael in June 1995, they pitched the film to Disney CEO Michael Eisner. Eisner thought the idea was fine and they submitted a treatment to Disney in early July under the title Bugs. Disney approved the treatment and gave notice on July 7 that it was exercising the option of a second film under the original 1991 agreement between Disney and Pixar.Price, p. 159 Lasseter assigned the co-director job to Stanton; both worked well together and had similar sensibilities. Lasseter had realized that working on a computer-animated feature as a sole director was dangerous while the production of Toy Story was in process. In addition, Lasseter believed that it would relieve stress and that the role would groom Stanton for having his own position as a lead director.Price, p. 160 ===Writing=== In The Ant and the Grasshopper, a grasshopper squanders the spring and summer months on singing while the ants put food away for the winter; when winter comes, the hungry grasshopper begs the ants for food, but the ants turn him away. Andrew Stanton and Joe Ranft hit on the notion that the grasshopper could just take the food.Pixar Animation Studios, official website, feature films, A Bugs Life, The inspiration After Stanton had completed a draft of the script, he came to doubt one of the story's main pillars – that the Circus Bugs that had come to the colony to cheat the ants would instead stay and fight. He thought the Circus Bugs were unlikable characters as liars and that it was unrealistic for them to undergo a complete personality change. Also, no particularly good reason existed for Circus Bugs to stay with the ant colony during the second act.A Bugs Life, DVD Commentary Although the film was already far along, Stanton concluded that the story needed a different approach. Stanton took one of the early circus bug characters, Red the red ant, and changed him into the character Flik. The Circus Bugs, no longer out to cheat the colony, would be embroiled in a comic misunderstanding as to why Flik was recruiting them. Lasseter agreed with this new approach, and comedy writers Donald McEnery and Bob Shaw spent a few months working on further polishing with Stanton.Price, p. 161 The characters "Tuck and Roll" were inspired by a drawing that Stanton did of two bugs fighting when he was in the second grade. Lasseter had come to envision the film as an epic in the tradition of David Lean's 1962 film Lawrence of Arabia. ===Casting=== The voice cast was heavy with television sitcom stars of the time: Flik was voiced by Dave Foley (from NewsRadio), Princess Atta was voiced by Julia Louis-Dreyfus (from Seinfeld), Molt was voiced by Richard Kind (from Spin City), Slim was voiced by David Hyde Pierce (from Frasier) and Dim was voiced by Brad Garrett (from Everybody Loves Raymond). Joe Ranft, member of Pixar's story team, played Heimlich the caterpillar at the suggestion of Lasseter's wife, Nancy, who had heard him playing the character on a scratch vocal track. The casting of Hopper, the film's villain, proved problematic. Lasseter's top choice was Robert De Niro, who repeatedly turned the part down, as did a succession of other actors. Kevin Spacey met John Lasseter at the 1995 Academy Awards and Lasseter asked Spacey if he would be interested in doing the voice of Hopper. Spacey was delighted and signed on immediately. A Bug's Life was the final film appearance of actor Roddy McDowall, who played Mr. Soil, dying shortly before the film's theatrical release. ===Art design and animation=== It was more difficult for animators during the production of A Bug's Life than that of Toy Story, as Pixar's computers ran sluggishly due to the complexity of the character models. Lasseter and Stanton had two supervising animators, Rich Quade and Glenn McQueen, to assist with directing and reviewing the animation. The first sequence to be animated and rendered was the circus sequence that culminated with P.T. Flea's "Flaming Wall of Death". Lasseter placed this scene first in the pipeline because he believed it was "less likely to change". After Lasseter thought it would be useful to look at a view of the world from an insect's perspective, two technicians obliged by creating a miniature video camera on Lego wheels, dubbed the "Bugcam".A Bugs Life, DVD Behind the Scenes Fastened to the end of a stick, the Bugcam could roll through grass and other terrain and send back an insect's-eye outlook. Lasseter was intrigued by the way grass, leaves and flower petals formed a translucent canopy, as if the insects were living under a stained-glass ceiling. The team also later sought inspiration from Microcosmos (1996), a French documentary on love and violence in the insect world. The transition from treatment to storyboards took on an extra layer of complexity due to the profusion of storylines. While Toy Story focused heavily on Woody and Buzz Lightyear, with the other toys serving mostly as sidekicks, A Bug's Life required in-depth storytelling for several major groups of characters. Character design also presented a new challenge, in that the designers had to make ants appear likable. Although the animators and the art department studied insects more closely, natural realism would give way to the film's larger needs.Price, p. 162 The team took out mandibles and designed the ants to stand upright, replacing their normal six legs with two arms and two legs. The grasshoppers, in contrast, received a pair of extra appendages to appear less attractive. The story's scale also required software engineers to accommodate new demands. Among these was the need to handle shots with crowds of ants. The film would include more than 400 such shots in the ant colony, some with as many as 800. It was impractical for animators to control them individually, but neither could the ants remain static for even a moment without appearing lifeless, or move identically. Bill Reeves, one of the film's two supervising technical directors, dealt with the quandary by leading the development of software for autonomous ants. The animators would only animate four or five groups of about eight individual "universal ants". Each one of these "universal ants" would later be randomly distributed throughout the digital set. The program also allowed each ant to be automatically modified in subtle ways (e.g. different color of eye or skin, different heights, different weights, etc.). This ensured that no two ants were the same. It was partly based on Reeves's invention of particle systems a decade and a half earlier, which had let animators use masses of self-guided particles to create effects like swirling dust and snow.Price, p. 163 The animators also employed subsurface scattering—developed by Pixar co-founder Edwin Catmull during his graduate student days at the University of Utah in the 1970s—to render surfaces in a more lifelike way. This would be the first time that subsurface scattering would be used in a Pixar film, and a small team at Pixar worked out the practical problems that kept it from working in animation. Catmull asked for a short film to test and showcase subsurface scattering and the result, Geri's Game (1997), was attached alongside A Bug's Life in its theatrical release.Price, p. 173 ===Feud between Pixar and DreamWorks=== During the production of A Bug's Life, a public feud erupted between DreamWorks' Jeffrey Katzenberg, and Pixar's Steve Jobs and John Lasseter. Katzenberg, former chairman of Disney's film division, had left the company in a bitter feud with CEO Michael Eisner. In response, he formed DreamWorks SKG with Steven Spielberg and David Geffen and planned to rival Disney in animation. After DreamWorks' acquisition of Pacific Data Images (PDI)—long Pixar's contemporary in computer animation—Lasseter and others at Pixar were dismayed to learn from the trade papers that PDI's first project at DreamWorks would be another ant film, to be called Antz.Price, p. 170 By this time, Pixar's project was well known within the animation community.Price, p. 171 Both Antz and A Bug's Life center on a young male ant, a drone with oddball tendencies that struggles to win a princess's hand by saving their society. Whereas A Bug's Life relied chiefly on visual gags, Antz was more verbal and revolved more around satire. The script of Antz was also heavy with adult references, whereas Pixar's film was more accessible to children. It was clear that Lasseter and Jobs believed that the idea was stolen by Katzenberg. Katzenberg had stayed in touch with Lasseter after the acrimonious Disney split, often calling to check up. In October 1995, when Lasseter was overseeing postproduction work on Toy Story at the Universal lot's Technicolor facility in Universal City, where DreamWorks was also located, he called Katzenberg and dropped by with Stanton. When Katzenberg asked what they were doing next, Lasseter described what would become A Bug's Life in detail. Lasseter respected Katzenberg's judgment and felt comfortable using him as a sounding board for creative ideas.Price, p. 169 Lasseter had high hopes for Toy Story, and he was telling friends throughout the tight-knit computer- animation business to get cracking on their own films. He told various friends, "If this hits, it's going to be like space movies after Star Wars" for computer animation companies. Lasseter later recalled, "I should have been wary. Jeffrey kept asking questions about when it would be released." When the trades indicated production on Antz, Lasseter, feeling betrayed, called Katzenberg and asked him bluntly if it were true, who in turn asked him where he had heard the rumor. Lasseter asked again, and Katzenberg admitted it was true. Lasseter raised his voice and would not believe Katzenberg's story that a development director had pitched him the idea long ago. Katzenberg claimed Antz came from a 1991 story pitch by Tim Johnson that was related to Katzenberg in October 1994. Another source gives Nina Jacobson, one of Katzenberg's executives, as the person responsible for the Antz pitch. Lasseter, who normally did not use profane language, cursed at Katzenberg and hung up the phone. Lasseter recalled that Katzenberg began explaining that Disney was "out to get him" and that he realized that he was just cannon fodder in Katzenberg's fight with Disney. For his part, Katzenberg believed he was the victim of a conspiracy: Eisner had decided not to pay him his contract-required bonus, convincing Disney's board not to give him anything. Katzenberg was further angered by the fact that Eisner scheduled Bugs to open the same week as The Prince of Egypt, which was then intended to be DreamWorks' first animated release. Lasseter grimly relayed the news to Pixar employees but kept morale high. Privately, Lasseter told other Pixar executives that he and Stanton felt terribly let down by Katzenberg. Katzenberg moved the opening of Antz from spring 1999 to October 1998 to compete with Pixar's release. David Price writes in his 2008 book The Pixar Touch that a rumor, "never confirmed", was that Katzenberg had given PDI "rich financial incentives to induce them to whatever it would take to have Antz ready first, despite Pixar's head start". Jobs was furious and called Katzenberg and began yelling. Katzenberg made an offer: He would delay production of Antz if Jobs and Disney would move A Bug's Life so that it did not compete with The Prince of Egypt. Jobs believed it "a blatant extortion attempt" and would not go for it, explaining that there was nothing he could do to convince Disney to change the date. Katzenberg casually responded that Jobs himself had taught him how to conduct similar business long ago, explaining that Jobs had come to Pixar's rescue by making the deal for Toy Story, as Pixar was near bankruptcy at that time. Katzenberg said, "I was the one guy there for you back then, and now you're allowing them to use you to screw me." He suggested that if Jobs wanted to, he could simply slow down production on A Bug's Life without telling Disney. If he did, Katzenberg said, he would put Antz on hold. Lasseter also claimed Katzenberg had phoned him with the proposition, but Katzenberg denied these charges later.Price, p. 172 As the release dates for both films approached, Disney executives concluded that Pixar should keep silent on the DreamWorks battle. Regardless, Lasseter publicly dismissed Antz as a "schlock version" of A Bug's Life. Lasseter, who claimed to have never seen Antz, told others that if DreamWorks and PDI had made the film about anything other than insects, he would have closed Pixar for the day so the entire company could go see it.Price, p. 174 Jobs and Katzenberg would not back down and the rivaling ant films provoked a press frenzy. "The bad guys rarely win," Jobs told the Los Angeles Times. In response, DreamWorks' head of marketing Terry Press suggested, "Steve Jobs should take a pill." Despite the successful box office performance of both Antz and A Bug's Life, tensions would remain high between Jobs and Katzenberg for many years. According to Jobs, Katzenberg came to Jobs after the success of Shrek (2001) and insisted he had never heard the pitch for A Bug's Life, reasoning that his settlement with Disney would have given him a share of the profits if that were so. Although the contention left all parties estranged, Pixar and PDI employees kept up the old friendships that had arisen from spending a long time together in computer animation. ==Music== The film's score was composed and conducted by Randy Newman. Walt Disney Records released the soundtrack on October 27, 1998. The album's first track is a song called "The Time of Your Life" written and performed by Newman, while all the other 19 tracks are orchestral cues. Although the album was out of print physically in the United States during the 2000s, in June 2018 Universal Music Japan announced that a re-mastered edition would be released on October 3, 2018, along with other soundtrack albums from the Walt Disney Records pre-2018 catalogue. The album is also available for purchase on iTunes. The time duration is 47 minutes and 32 seconds. ==Release== A few weeks into the film's theatrical release, new outtakes were added to the theatrical prints. Because the film is animated, no actual outtakes exist; they are animated specifically for the outtakes sequence. === Screening === The film’s world premiere was on November 14, 1998, at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles. A few days before world premiere, the film was screened at Camp David.A Bug's Life crew roundtable. A Bug's Life Blu Ray disc special A day after the screening, the crew visited Oval Office in the White House. ===Home media=== A Bug's Life was the first home video release to be entirely created using a digital transfer. Every frame of animation was converted from the film's computer data, as opposed to the standard analog film-to-videotape transfer process. This allowed for the film's DVD release to retain its original 2.35:1 widescreen format. The DVD was released on April 20, 1999, alongside a VHS release which was presented in a standard 1.33:1 "fullscreen" format. The film's fullscreen transfer was performed by entirely "reframing" the film shot by shot; more than half of the film's footage was modified by Pixar animators to fit within the film's aspect ratio. Several characters and objects were moved closer together to avoid being cut out of frame. The film's VHS release was the best- selling VHS in the United Kingdom, with 1.76 million units sold by the end of the year. On August 1, 2000, these editions were re-released on VHS and DVD under the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection banner. On November 23, 1999, a 2-disc Collector's Edition DVD was released. It was fully remastered in anamorphic widescreen and has substantial bonus features. The edition was re- released on May 27, 2003, to coincide with the release of Finding Nemo. This THX-certified DVD released once again gives the option of viewing the film in Widescreen or Full Frame. The second disc features numerous bonus features, such as a set-top game and a Finding Nemo featurette. On May 19, 2009, the film was released on Blu-ray, and then on 4K Blu-ray on March 3, 2020. ==Reception== ===Box office=== A Bug's Life grossed approximately $33.3 million on its opening weekend, ranking first at the box office, beating out Babe: Pig in the City, The Rugrats Movie, Enemy of the State and The Waterboy. It managed to retain its spot for two weeks until it was taken by Star Trek: Insurrection. The film had also earned $46.5 million during the five-day Thanksgiving holiday weekend, surpassing the previous record holder 101 Dalmatians. In 1999, this record was surpassed by Toy Story 2, which would have the third biggest five-day Wednesday opening, just after Independence Day and Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace. By late December 1998, A Bug's Life had earned over $100 million. Altogether, several in-year 1998 films combined with Titanic pulled $7 billion in North America, propelling the film industry to a record year at the box office. At the end of its theatrical run, the film grossed $162.8 million in the United States and Canada and $200.4 million in foreign countries, pushing its worldwide gross to $363.3 million, surpassing the competition from DreamWorks Animation's Antz, which earned $171.8 million worldwide. ===Critical response=== On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of based on reviews and an average rating of . The site's critical consensus reads, "A Bug's Life is a rousing adventure that blends animated thrills with witty dialogue and memorable characters – and another smashing early success for Pixar." Another review aggregator, Metacritic, gave the film a score of 77 out of 100 based on 23 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Todd McCarthy of Variety wrote, "Lasseter and Pixar broke new technical and aesthetic ground in the animation field with Toy Story, and here they surpass it in both scope and complexity of movement while telling a story that overlaps Antz in numerous ways." James Berardinelli of ReelViews gave the film three and a half stars out of four, saying "A Bug's Life, like Toy Story, develops protagonists we can root for, and places them in the midst of a fast-moving, energetic adventure." Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three and a half stars out of four, writing "Will A Bug's Life suffer by coming out so soon after Antz? Not any more than one thriller hurts the chances for the next one. Antz may even help business for A Bug's Life by demonstrating how many dramatic and comedic possibilities can be found in an anthill." Kenneth Turan of the Los Angeles Times gave the film four out of five stars, writing "What A Bug's Life demonstrates is that when it comes to bugs, the most fun ones to hang out with hang exclusively with the gang at Pixar." Peter Stack of the San Francisco Chronicle gave the film four out of four stars, stating "A Bug's Life is one of the great movies – a triumph of storytelling and character development, and a whole new ballgame for computer animation. Pixar Animation Studios has raised the genre to an astonishing new level". Richard Corliss of Time magazine wrote, "The plot matures handsomely; the characters neatly converge and combust; the gags pay off with emotional resonance." Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a B, saying "A Bug's Life may be the single most amazing film I've ever seen that I couldn't fall in love with." Paul Clinton of CNN wrote, "A Bug's Life is a perfect movie for the holidays. It contains a great upbeat message ... it's wonderful to look at ... it's wildly inventive ... and it's entertaining for both adults and kids." Michael Wilmington of the Chicago Tribune gave the film three and a half stars out of four, and compared the movie to "Akira Kurosawa's Seven Samurai (with a little of another art-film legend, Federico Fellini, tossed in)." where "As in Samurai, the colony here is plagued every year by the arrival of bandits." On the contrary, Stephen Hunter of The Washington Post wrote, "Clever as it is, the film lacks charm. One problem: too many bugs. Second, bigger world for two purposes: to feed birds and to irk humans." ===Accolades=== A Bug's Life won a number of awards and numerous nominations. The film won the inaugural Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Animated Film (tied with The Prince of Egypt) as well as the award for Best Family Film. It also won the Satellite Award for Best Animated Film and the Grammy Award for Best Instrumental Composition by Randy Newman. It was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Musical or Comedy Score, the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score and the BAFTA Award for Best Achievement in Special Visual Effects. In 2008, the American Film Institute nominated this film for its Top 10 Animation Films list. ===Legacy=== In the years since its release, A Bug's Life has been regarded by critics and fans to be a Pixar film that, in contrast to its successors, has become largely forgotten by audiences. While recognized as solidifying Pixar's success, the film has been seen as the studio's sophomore slump in the wake of the critically successful Toy Story, and inhibited by being released directly before the equally revered Toy Story 2. Pixar's feud with DreamWorks as a result of Antz has also been regarded as a factor in A Bug's Lifes legacy. Critics have generally ranked A Bug's Life to be one of Pixar's weaker releases; while it has been seen as "charming", as well as an "ambitious" film with pioneering animation for its time, others have described it as "adequate", and appealing more to a younger demographic. Nonetheless, the film's characters, voice acting, and humor have received lasting praise. ==Media and merchandise== ===Attached short film=== The film's theatrical and video releases include Geri's Game, an Academy Award winning Pixar short made in 1997, a year before this film was released. ===Video game=== A game, based on the film, was developed by Traveller's Tales and Tiertex Design Studios and released by Sony Computer Entertainment, Disney Interactive, THQ and Activision for various systems. The game's storyline was similar to the film's, with a few changes. However, unlike the film, the game received mixed reviews. Aggregating review website GameRankings gave the Nintendo 64 version 54.40%, the PlayStation version 51.90% and the Game Boy Color version 36.63%. GameSpot gave the PlayStation version a 2.7/10, concluding that it was "obvious that Disney was more interested in producing a $40 advertisement for its movie than in developing a playable game." IGN gave the Nintendo 64 version a 6.8/10, praising the presentation and sound by stating "It was upbeat, cheery look and feel very much like the movie of the same name with cheery, happy tunes and strong sound effects but again criticized the gameplay by saying the controls were sluggish with stuttering framerate and tired gameplay mechanics". while they gave the PlayStation version a 4/10, criticizing the gameplay as slow and awkward but praising the presentation as cinematic. ==Theme park attractions== Disney's Animal Kingdom includes the 3D show It's Tough to Be a Bug!, which also existed at Disney California Adventure from 2001 to 2018. The Disney California Adventure nighttime show World of Color features a segment that includes Heimlich the Caterpillar from the film. ===Former theme park attractions=== From 2002 to 2018, A Bug's Land was a section of Disney California Adventure that was inspired by the film. ==See also== * Lists of animated feature films * List of Pixar films * List of computer-animated films * List of Disney animated films based on fairy tales * List of films featuring insects ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== * * Official website at Pixar * * * * Category:1998 films Category:1998 computer-animated films Category:1990s American animated films Category:1998 comedy films Category:American children's animated adventure films Category:American children's animated comedy films Category:Animated films about insects Category:Best Animated Feature Broadcast Film Critics Association Award winners Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s children's animated films Category:Fictional ants Category:Fictional grasshoppers Category:Films involved in plagiarism controversies Category:Films scored by Randy Newman Category:Films directed by John Lasseter Category:Films produced by Darla K. Anderson Category:Pixar animated films Category:Disney controversies Category:Films with screenplays by John Lasseter Category:Films with screenplays by Joe Ranft Category:Films with screenplays by Andrew Stanton Category:Walt Disney Pictures animated films Category:Animated films set on islands Category:Films about ants
46207936	A Little Boy Lost	thumb|350px|The poem: A Little Boy Lost "A Little Boy Lost" is a poem of the Songs of Experience series created in 1794 after the Songs of Innocence (1789) by the poet William Blake. The poem centers on the theme of religious persecution and the corrupted dictates of dogmatic Church teachings. As part of Songs of Experience the poem is set in the wider context of exploring the suffering of innocent and oppressed individuals—in this case a young boy, and his parents—within a flawed society that is oppressed and disillusioned with life's experience. ==The poem== ==Analysis of the poem== In this poem, Blake's titular character, a little boy, appears, by lights of Church pedantry, to have questioned religious dogma, to wit: that every person must love God more than themselves or any other; for his sacrilege the boy has instantly become "lost" to the Church. Reacting to his speech, a zealot Priest leaps to denounce the boy and to dramatize his offense. The little boy is peremptorily castigated as a heretic and summarily burned at the stake, even though the child's age—he is a little boy, after all; he sees the world through the eyes of a child's innocence—would seemingly preclude him from comprehending the awful construing of his words (by the Priest) as heresy. On the other hand, a reader might theorize that Blake intends to portray the child as precocious and with intentions to dissent from Church teaching—perhaps the Priest thinks so. However, the actual words applied by the author to the boy's speech offers very little toward this view; instead, it is the child's innocent candor that seems to inspire his words. ==Background== It appears the author has drawn the “Priest” as not merely a parish priest but as metaphor for the hierarchical powers-that-be of the Church. Certainly Blake seems to hearken back to the time when the Church wielded almost unchecked powers throughout England (and most of Europe) to judge and destroy anyone it deemed intolerable in thought or behaviour. Blake wrote his poetry for the common man. == Structure== The poem is divided into six quatrains, all in iambic tetrameter. The first quatrain introduces the subject of love of self in the voice of an omniscient narrator; the language is highly stylized. The second quatrain is the much simpler speech of a little boy expressing his thoughts on love of God, of others, and of nature. ==References== Category:Songs of Innocence and of Experience Category:1794 poems
46256940	A Commentary on the General Prologue to The Canterbury Tales	A Commentary on the General Prologue to The Canterbury Tales is a 1948 doctoral dissertation by Muriel Bowden that examines historical backgrounds to characters in Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales within the context of its General Prologue. ==References== * * * * * * * * Category:1948 non-fiction books Category:The Canterbury Tales Category:English-language books
46276270	A Fox, a Rabbit, and a Cabbage	"A Fox, a Rabbit, and a Cabbage" is the ninth and penultimate episode of the first season of the FX anthology series Fargo. The episode aired on June 10, 2014 in the United States on FX. It was written by series creator and showrunner Noah Hawley and directed by Matt Shakman. The episode title refers to a variation of the fox, goose and bag of beans puzzle. The episode is set after the one-year ellipsis featured in the previous episode: Lorne Malvo (Billy Bob Thornton) now has a completely new life as a dentist known as "Mick Michaelson". However, his plans are compromised when Lester Nygaard (Martin Freeman) incidentally runs into him. Meanwhile, Gus Grimly (Colin Hanks), now a mailman, is happily married to Molly Solverson (Allison Tolman), whose theory that Lester was involved in the murders finds new supporters in FBI agents Pepper (Keegan-Michael Key) and Budge (Jordan Peele). "A Fox, a Rabbit, and a Cabbage" received critical acclaim, and was seen by 1.90 million viewers. ==Plot== Lorne Malvo is now posing as a dentist named "Mick Michaelson" in Kansas City, Missouri. One night, Malvo, along with his fiancée, Jemma Stalone, throw a dinner party at his place, which is attended by his co-worker Dr. Burt and his wife, Louise. While Malvo and Burt have a chat over wine, Burt brings up his estranged brother, who he remains in contact with, even though he is not allowed to as the brother is currently under witness protection. Burt drunkenly suggests they go to Las Vegas to visit him and Malvo agrees. In Las Vegas, Malvo sits at a table talking to Burt, Louise, and Jemma as Lester Nygaard watches from the bar. Burt tells Mike they will meet his brother tomorrow, but they cannot bring phones. Before Malvo can ask who is after his brother, Lester walks up to him and taps him on the shoulder. Malvo pretends not to recognize him, and suggests that the group leave. As they get into an elevator, Lester stops the elevator door, and demands that Malvo recognize him, at which point Malvo shoots Burt, Louise, and Jemma in the head. He tells Lester that he had been working Burt for six months in order to get to his brother, who apparently has a $100,000 bounty which has now gone to waste. Lester flees the scene and returns in a hurry to Minnesota. Lester suggests to his wife Linda that they take a holiday in Mexico; he intends to flee permanently to escape Malvo. They pack, but as they are about to leave, Molly arrives to ask about the murders in Vegas. Lester makes up a story, saying he never met anyone on his way back to the hotel room. Molly asks why they tried to board a plane at the last minute, and Linda backs up Lester's story by saying she was homesick. Molly tells them the Vegas PD will be sending over some security footage, so they should not leave town for a while. Meanwhile, Malvo arrives in town and searches for Lester. That night, Lester buys two online plane tickets out of Minneapolis while still constantly looking over his shoulder for Malvo. He tells Linda they are leaving soon. She reminds him they need to stay in town, but Lester lies and says he talked with Molly and they are free to go. Before leaving town, Lester says they need to stop by the office to pick up some cash and their passports from the safe. In the parking lot, Lester notices a light on that he did not turn on. Suspicious, he sends Linda into the office wearing his coat to get what they came for. Malvo appears inside the office and shoots Linda in the back of her head, thinking her to be Lester. Realizing his mistake, Malvo exits the building and scans the parking lot for Lester. Seeing no one, he lights a cigarette and walks away as Lester nervously watches from a distance. ==Reception== ===Ratings=== The episode first aired in the US on FX on June 10, 2014 and obtained 1.90 million viewers. ===Critical reception=== The episode was very well received among critics. It currently holds a perfect 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The A.V. Club writers Zack Handlen and Emily VanDerWerff gave the episode an A rating. Another positive review came from IGN writer Roth Cornet, who gave the episode a 9.0/10 "amazing" rating. == References == == External links == * Category:2014 American television episodes Category:Fargo (TV series) episodes Category:Television episodes directed by Matt Shakman Category:Television episodes written by Noah Hawley
46396051	A Bag Full of Blues	A Bag Full of Blues is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy McGriff featuring performances recorded in 1967 and originally released on the Solid State label.Payne, D., Solid Sonny Lester discography accessed April 14, 2015Payne, D., Jimmy McGriff discography accessed April 14, 2015Solid State Records discography accessed April 14, 2015 ==Reception== AllMusic gave the album 3 stars.Allmusic listing accessed April 14, 2015 ==Track listing== All compositions by Manny Albam # "Better Late Than Never" - 4:50 # "Finishin'" - 3:23 # "Slim Jim" - 5:35 # "Time Waltzes On" - 6:00 # "The Long Day's Night" - 4:23 # "The Long Hot Walk" - 5:14 # "The Deacon's Peekin'" - 4:20 # "Friday Nite's Rite" - 5:20 ==Personnel== *Jimmy McGriff - organ *Joe Newman - trumpet *Jerome Richardson - tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone *Barry Galbraith, Wally Richardson - guitar *Richard Davis - bass *Mel Lewis - drums *Manny Albam - arranger, conductor ==References== Category:Solid State Records (jazz label) albums Category:Jimmy McGriff albums Category:1967 albums Category:Albums produced by Sonny Lester Category:Albums arranged by Manny Albam Category:Albums conducted by Manny Albam
46456615	A Gust of Wind	A Gust of Wind () is a 1942 German musical film directed by Walter Felsenstein and starring Paul Kemp, Margit Debar and Elsa Wagner.Hull p. 251 It was based on an Italian play by Giovacchino Forzano. A man gets shut out of his apartment in his nightshirt by a gust of wind. His neighbours refuse to believe this is the real reason. The film marked the screen debut of Sonja Ziemann who went on to become a leading star of the 1950s. ==Main cast== * Paul Kemp as Emanuele Rigattieri * Margit Debar as Angelina Seri * Elsa Wagner as Frau Brigoni * Sonja Ziemann as Gina Galassi * Franz Schafheitlin as Gerichtsvorsitzender * Heinrich Troxbömker as Portier * Ursula Herking as Teresina Bonfanti * Lina Carstens as Frau Galassi == References == == Bibliography == * == External links == * Category:1942 films Category:Films of Nazi Germany Category:German musical comedy films Category:1942 musical comedy films Category:1940s German-language films Category:Tobis Film films Category:German black-and-white films Category:1940s German films
46577795	A Coruña railway station	A Coruña railway station, also known as A Coruña-San Cristovo, is a railway terminus in A Coruña, Spain. == Location == The station is located in Avenida do Ferrocarril, next to Rolda de Outeiro, in the neighbourhood of Os Mallos- Estación, relatively far from center but connected by bus. There is another station in the city, San Diego, with goods sidings. == History and architectural design == The station building was built in 1935 in a rationalist style, inspired by the Helsinki Central railway station. Its architect was Antonio Gascué Echeverría. == Services == Two railway lines terminate at this station. They begin in León and Zamora and connect A Coruña with central Spain. High-speed trains connect the city with Santiago de Compostela, Ourense-Empalme, Pontevedra and Vigo-Guixar. Regional lines also connect the city with Lugo, Monforte de Lemos and Ferrol. Intercity trains depart to Madrid, Barcelona, and the Basque Country, passing through many other important Spanish northern cities. ==References== ==External links== * A Coruña station listing at Adif website Category:Railway stations in Galicia (Spain) Category:Transport in A Coruña Category:Railway stations in Spain opened in 1935
46592115	A Friend Will Come Tonight	A Friend Will Come Tonight (French: Un ami viendra ce soir) is a 1946 French drama film directed by Raymond Bernard and starring Michel Simon, Madeleine Sologne and Paul Bernard.Rège p.620 The film's sets were designed by the art director Robert Gys. ==Cast== * Michel Simon as Michel Lemaret * Madeleine Sologne as Hélène Asselin * Paul Bernard as Le docteur Maurice Tiller * Louis Salou as Le commissaire Louis Martin * Saturnin Fabre as Philippe Prunier * Marcel André as Le docteur Lestrade * Lily Mounet as Alexandrine Jeanne Constance Létitia, baronne de Pontignac * Yvette Andréyor as Mademoiselle Béatrice * Jacques Clancy as Jacques Leroy, le pianiste * Daniel Gélin as Pierre Ribault * Claude Lehmann as Le docteur Pigaut * Cécilia Paroldi as Claire, la postière * Howard Vernon as Robert Langlois, le muet * Jane Marny as Madame Belin * Raoul Marco as Le maire * Pierre Sergeol as Charles Levallier * Odette Barencey as Une serveuse de l'auberge * Georges Brisset * Claude Vernier as Le second officier allemand * Gregori Chmara as L'officier allemand au monocle * Paul Darcy * Jo Dest as Un allemand * Palmyre Levasseur as Une villageoise * Fernand Liesse as Anselme * Darling Légitimus * Maria Mauban * Fritz Schmiedel as Le soldat allemand faisant l'appel * Maurice Schutz ==Production== Guy Lefranc was assistant director on the movie. == References == == Bibliography == * Rège, Philippe. Encyclopedia of French Film Directors, Volume 1. Scarecrow Press, 2009. == External links == * Category:1946 films Category:1946 drama films Category:French drama films Category:1940s French-language films Category:French black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Raymond Bernard Category:Films scored by Arthur Honegger Category:1940s French films
46692537	A Lion's Trail	A Lion's Trail is a 2002 documentary film by François Verster about the rights for the popular song "The Lion Sleeps Tonight", also known as "Wimoweh", "Wimba Way" or "Awimbawe", a song written and recorded by the South African shepherd and singer of Zulu origin Solomon Linda with the Evening Birds as "Mbube". In the 1950s, the song had been adapted by Pete Seeger of The Weavers as "Wimoweh" and further developed in the 1961 version recorded by popular music group The Tokens, for whom it was re-written extensively by George David Weiss. This version had been retitled "The Lion Sleeps Tonight". The song was also adapted for the screen in The Walt Disney Company 1994 film The Lion King. . The film helped Linda's family to sue legally for revenues from the song. A Lion's Trail was not the first time Verster had tackled the controversy on the song. In 1999, he had filmed The Story of "Mbube" for television about the song. That film had won the 1999 National Television & Video Association Silver Stone & Stone Craft Award. In 2000, South African journalist Rian Malan wrote a feature article for Rolling Stone magazine in which he recounted Solomon Linda's story tracing its history from its first recording by Solomon Linda, a penniless Zulu singer, through the song's adoption by The Weavers, The Tokens and in the movie The Lion King. The Story of "Mbubé" and the new interest created by the Rolling Stone piece prompted Verster to create his 2002 documentary that told Linda's story, also exposing the workings of the multimillion-dollar corporate music publishing industry about copyright. The film tracks the story of the song "Wimoweh/The Lion Sleeps Tonight" back to its Zulu origin and follows the song's rocky history from South Africa to Brooklyn and back asking why Linda died penniless and his children live in poverty while American artists made millions off the song. In 2005, it gained prominence when it was screened by PBS on the program Independent Lens"National Television Academy Presents 27th Annual News & Documentary Emmy Awards" (press release), September 25, 2006. receiving the award for "most outstanding cultural and artistic programming". The publicity also helped Linda's family to find the support to take Disney, which used the song in the movie The Lion King, to court. In February 2006, Abilene Music, which holds the copyright for "Wimoweh/The Lion Sleeps Tonight", settled the case with the Solomon Linda family out of court for an undisclosed sum. ==References== Category:2002 documentary films Category:2002 films Category:Documentary films about pop music and musicians
46731498	A Family Like Many Others	A Family Like Many Others (Spanish: Una familia de tantas) is a 1949 Mexican drama film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Fernando Soler, David Silva and Martha Roth.Hernandez-Rodriguez p.82 The film's sets were designed by the art director Gunther Gerszo. ==Synopsis== A domineering father's control over his family weakens when a charming salesman comes to the house. ==Cast== * Fernando Soler as Rodrigo Cataño * David Silva as Roberto del Hierro * Martha Roth as Maru Cataño * Carlos Riquelme as Ricardo * Eugenia Galindo as doña Gracia Cataño * Enriqueta Reza as Guadalupe - sirvienta * Felipe de Alba as Héctor Cataño * Nora Veryán as Pilar - novia de Héctor * Isabel del Puerto as Estela Cataño * Manuel de la Vega as Leopoldo * Alma Delia Fuentes as Lupita Cataño * Conchita Gentil Arcos as Invitada a fiesta * María Gentil Arcos as Invitada a fiesta * Maruja Grifell as Madre de Roberto * Jorge Martínez de Hoyos as Anunciador * Ignacio Peón as Invitado a fiesta * Victoria Sastre ==References== ==Bibliography== * R. Hernandez-Rodriguez. Splendors of Latin Cinema. ABC-CLIO, 2009. ==External links== * Category:1949 films Category:1949 drama films Category:Mexican drama films Category:1940s Spanish-language films Category:Films directed by Alejandro Galindo Category:Mexican black-and-white films Category:1940s Mexican films
46759520	A Golden Boy	A Golden Boy () is a 2014 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati. It won the Best Screenplay Award at the 2014 Montreal World Film Festival. ==Plot== The film follows Davide (Riccardo Scamarcio), a copywriter whose father was a movie screenwriter. After his father's death, he leaves everything he has behind and moves to Rome, where he meets an actress-turned- publisher named Ludovica (Sharon Stone), who wants to release his father's autobiography. == Cast == *Riccardo Scamarcio as Davide Bias *Sharon Stone as Ludovica Stern *Cristiana Capotondi as Silvia *Giovanna Ralli as Davide's Mother *Lucia Rossi as Beatrice *Christian Stelluti as Walter Van Vooren *Osvaldo Ruggieri as Beppe Masiero * Tommaso Ragno as Ludovica's Husband * Sandro Dori as Notaio *Fabio Ferrari as Agente letterario *Valeria Marini as Davide's Friend ==Release== The film screened at the Montreal World Film Festival on 27 August 2014 and was released on 18 September 2014 in Italian cinemas, where it grossed US$807,225. == References == == External links == * Category:2014 films Category:2014 comedy-drama films Category:Italian comedy- drama films Category:Films directed by Pupi Avati Category:2010s Italian films
46800416	A Horse Called Bear	A Horse Called Bear is a 2015 American family drama film about recently orphaned boy who inherits a horse. It was produced by Penny Carlisi and directed by Daniel Knudsen. The film was awarded the Dove seal of family approval from the Dove Foundation and was released May 26, 2015. == Plot == A Horse Called Bear tells the story of Ethan who inherits his mother's horse after she dies unexpectedly in a car accident. Being a city kid he has no desire to own a horse and tells the lawyer managing his mother's estate to sell it. The horse was purchased by one of the ranch hands to use as a training horse for young riders. Ethan then moves across the country to live with his grandparents. While living with them he learns that the horse is still kept nearby at his uncle's horse ranch. He is hired by his uncle and begins to work at the ranch with his mom's horse "Bear." During this time he falls in love with the horse and eventually buys it back. == Cast == * Nicholas Ryan Gibbs as Ethan Riley * Wayne E. Brown as Otto Brown * Austin Farnsworth as Austin Baker * Katelyn Grace Farnsworth as Katelyn Baker * Allison Marie Farnsworth as Allison Baker * Dawn Storey as Gloria Brown * Kristina Kaylen as Rachel Ryan-Iver Klann and Daniel Knudsen also appear in the film. == Production == Principal photography for A Horse Called Bear took place in August and September 2013. Various locations in and around Howell, Michigan were used for filming. == Release == A Horse Called Bear premiered at the Historic Howell Theater and was released on DVD May 26, 2015. == Awards == The film was a semifinalist for "Best Feature Film" in the 2015 Christian Worldview Film Festival. The film was also part of the official selections at the 2015 International Christian Film Festival in Orlando, Florida. == References == == External links == * Official Site * Crystal Creek Media * Category:2015 films Category:American drama films Category:Films about horses Category:Films about Christianity Category:Films shot in Michigan Category:American independent films Category:2010s English-language films Category:Films directed by Daniel Knudsen Category:2010s American films
46835946	A Damaged Mirror	A Damaged Mirror is a 2014 "novelized" memoir by Yael Shahar and Ovadya ben Malka. The book explores the moral dilemmas of a former member of the Birkenau Sonderkommando, Ovadya ben Malka. The book was reissued in 2015 with a new Foreword by Rabbi Nathan Lopes Cardozo. ==Plot summary== The book opens with Yael reaching out to a rabbi for a rabbinic judgement for “Alex”. In subsequent correspondence with the rabbi, Rav Ish-Shalom, we learn that Alex's real name is Ovadya. He was deported to Birkenau from his home in Salonika, Greece at the age of 17. His mother and sister were gassed on arrival and Ovadya was sent to the Sonderkommando, the group of prisoners responsible for running the machinery of murder. Ovadya wants the rabbi to serve as a rabbinic judge—essentially to put himself on trial for what he did in Birkenau. “The fact that good people can be forced to do wrong doesn’t make them less good,” he says. “But it also doesn’t make the wrong less wrong.” However, he is unable to speak of what he did to survive, and his past is gradually revealed in a series of letters to the rabbi and to Masha, a woman who was forced into prostitution during the war. He is able to tell her what he cannot speak aloud. Yael, born two decades later in America, has no connection with Ovadya, and yet she haunted by a mysterious memory of something she could not have lived. In an attempt to understand the source of these memories, she sets out on a quest to Europe and eventually Israel. Her quest to learn what and how she remembers is bound up with Ovadya’s search for forgiveness and atonement. She too is unable to speak of the harrowing glimpses revealed by memory, but Ovadya holds the key to fitting the pieces together. The second half of the book follows Ovadya in his spiritual quest, under the guidance of Rav Ish- Shalom. The rabbi sets him the task of bearing witness for those who perished in the gas chambers, but, scarred by the memory, Ovadya is reluctant to tell what he saw. Little by little, his memory returns, and he finds that he had suppressed even the good memories of his childhood in Salonika. Eventually, a breakthrough occurs and he is able to do what is required by Jewish Law—to journey back to Birkenau and make a formal confession to the souls of those he feels that he has wronged. == Backstory == On July 7, 2010, B'Sod Siach an online Hebrew-language newsletter,Vidui at Krematorium 2 (page 7). An account of Ovadya ben Malka's posthumous Confession at Birkenau by one of the chance witnesses] carried a write-up of a viddui—a ritual confession—from beyond the grave. A group of twenty young graduates from a teachers’ college in England had served as witnesses to the last will and testament of Ovadya ben Malka—one of the prisoners forced to operate the machinery of death. This episode, as told from the author's point of view, forms a key chapter of A Damaged Mirror. ==References== ==External links== *"Peering into A Damaged Mirror: A trauma therapist explains the psychological impact of the dilemmas faced by the Sonderkommando". Review on Times of Israel. *Review on Ramblings in Jewish History *Publisher site *Reader's Guide and Selections for Book Clubs. *Foreword by Rabbi Nathan Lopes Cardozo. *Jewish Press "Of the Book" Review *Interview with author Yael Shahar * The Story of Shmuel the Glazier, as told to Ovadya ben Malka. Accidental Talmudist Category:2014 American novels Category:Memoirs of imprisonment Category:World War II memoirs
46860526	A Beautiful Soul (song)	"A Beautiful Soul" is a power ballad by Poison lead singer Bret Michaels, and was released as the lead single for the album True Grit. The song was released as a single on April 1, 2014 over one year before the release of the album, which was released May 5, 2015. Retrieved August 24, 2021. The single features a music video which was released on April 2, 2014 and the song was performed live on the Bret Michaels edition of "Oprah's Lifeclass" which was taped live on Oprah's website Retrieved August 24, 2021.Bret Michaels#2010–2014 This is one of the few Bret Michaels songs not to feature a guitar solo. ==Background== The song is a rock/country rock ballad backed mostly by piano, the story of the song revolves around lost love (a theme similar to those found on Poison songs like Every Rose Has Its Thorn, and I Won't Forget You) it describes the narrator saying to the girl that he will miss her "beautiful soul." ==Music video== The music video for "A Beautiful Soul" features Bret Michaels walking thru various areas singing including one scene on a beach, another above a big city, and scenes in the desert at night, the video was released via his official YouTube page on April 2, 2014. His oldest daughter Raine makes a cameo appearance in the video. The video has generated over 1.2 million views in its first seven days. Retrieved July 9, 2022. ==References== Category:2014 singles Category:Bret Michaels songs Category:Rock ballads Category:Country rock songs Category:American rock songs Category:Songs written by Bret Michaels Category:2014 songs
46908278	A Gamble for Love	A Gamble for Love is a 1917 British silent sports film directed by Frank Wilson and starring Gerald Ames, James Lindsay and George Foley.Low p.182 It was based on the 1914 novel of the same title by Nat Gould, set in the horseracing world. ==Cast== * Gerald Ames as Dennis Laurenny * James Lindsay as Lord Ingleby * Arthur Walcott as Joe Rothey * Hubert Willis as Bryhynz * Violet Hopson as Fay de Launay * George Foley * John MacAndrews * J. Hastings Batson * Elijah Wheatley ==See also== * List of films about horse racing ==References== ==Bibliography== * Low, Rachael. History of the British Film, 1914-1918. Routledge, 2005. ==External links== * Category:1917 films Category:1910s sports drama films Category:British horse racing films Category:British silent feature films Category:British sports drama films Category:Films directed by Frank Wilson Category:Films set in England Category:Films based on British novels Category:British black-and-white films Category:1917 drama films Category:1910s English-language films Category:1910s British films Category:Silent sports drama films
46923580	A Hill to Die Upon	A Hill To Die Upon is an American blackened death metal band from the Monmouth-Galesburg area of Illinois, formed in 2004 by the brothers Adam and R. Michael Cook. The brothers initially founded the band as hardcore project, but eventually started listening to death and black metal, which led them to transform their band's sound. Over the years, various musicians have filled out the band's lineup, which currently consists of the Cook brothers and Nolan Osmond. Signed to Bombworks Records, A Hill to Die Upon has released four albums – Infinite Titanic Immortal in 2009, Omens in 2011, Holy Despair in 2014, and Via Artis, Via Mortis in 2017 - all to a positive critical reception. In 2013, the band also released a stand-alone single, "Manden med Leen". Musically, the band is compared primarily to Behemoth as well as Immortal, Naglfar, and Old Man's Child, all of which the brothers cite as among their major influences. The brothers are Christian, but they distance themselves from calling A Hill to Die Upon a Christian metal band. Lyrical themes include mythology, war, philosophy, and despair, with references drawn from the Bible and numerous literary works and authors. == History == === Formation (2004–2008) === Adam and R. Michael Cook founded A Hill to Die Upon as a hardcore and metalcore band in 2004 in Monmouth, Illinois. Michael explains that he and Adam simply wanted to play extreme music, and hardcore was easier to play than metal. He concedes that had they tried to play metal at the time, they "would have sucked." Also, in 2004, the hardcore scene was very strong in the Midwest, enabling the brothers, as a two piece band, to play some live shows in Illinois and Iowa. Had the brothers played extreme metal at the time, they would have been the only band in the area and thus would have struggled to book shows. The brothers played their first show in Burlington, Iowa, performing mostly Norma Jean and As I Lay Dying cover songs. Over time, they started listening to death and black metal, and as a consequence gradually took their band in a faster, darker, and more aggressive direction. === Record deal; Infinite Titanic Immortal (2008–2010) === In 2008, A Hill to Die Upon recorded a demo, which led to a record deal with Bombworks Records. In December of that year, it was announced that the band was recording Infinite Titanic Immortal, which was set for release in June 2009. The album was recorded by Kevin Rendleman at Trash Rocket Studios in Peoria, Illinois, and mixed at Dark Chamber Studios by Eric Tordsson, a former member of Crimson Moonlight. The band would go on to play Destruction Fest, alongside bands such as Ashen Mortality, Antidemon, and Solace the Day. Infinite Titanic Immortal was released on July 21, 2009. === Omens (2011–2012) === In a 2014 interview with HM, Adam Cook revealed that the recording process for Omens, A Hill to Die Upon's second studio album, lasted about eight days. He stated that "we never had any real demos of the songs before going into the studio." Omens was released on May 23, 2011. Chris Gato of HM awarded the album three and a half stars. He wrote that "This is a brilliant album, and there is much to love about it, but the doomy feel this time around seems to dull the brilliance sometimes, making Omens a point below Infinite." Taylor C. from Indie Vision Music gave the album a full five stars, stating that "this album is awful in the olden sense of the word—full of awe." === Holy Despair and Via Artis, Via Mortis (2013–present) === On February 12, 2013, the band released a single titled "" (Danish for the Grim Reaper). The band's third studio album, Holy Despair, was released on April 8, 2014 in a compact disc format, and subsequently on April 22, 2014 in digital download format. Unlike the quick recording process for Omens, the production of Holy Despair was longer and encountered delays. The album was funded largely through an Indiegogo crowdfunding campaign, which lengthened the recording process. Also, in 2013 the small studio in Adam's basement flooded. While most of the instruments and equipment were salvaged, this delayed the band for three or four months. However, Adam considers that in the long run, these delays allowed the band to spend more time in songwriting and improving the final product on the album. Critical reception to the album was positive. Metal Forces rated the album eight-and-a-half out of ten, concluding that > Holy Despair offers so much depth and intelligence that a majority of black > metal bands in their unholy ignorance should take heed, because A Hill To > Die Upon may not be the anti-Gods you've had rammed down your throats for > decades, but as black metal musicians they are the new messiahs on the > block. Metal Storm scored the album 7.8 out of ten. The band is currently working on something set for March 2017. On August 11, 2017, the band announced they had signed to Luxor Records. The band also released a single titled "Jubal and Syrinx", off of their upcoming album, Via Artis, Via Mortis the same day. On January 6, 2022, it was announced that the band had signed with a new label, Mythic Panda Productions, which had previously put on the Hasten Revelation Tour that they had embarked on in 2019. In early 2022, Michael Cook gave an interview with HM Magazine revealing the new material coming would be known as The Black Nativity. Cook also revealed that it would be "much to small" to be deemed a single record. == Style, lyrics, and influences == The music of A Hill to Die Upon has been described as blackened death metal, and more specifically as a mix of melodic death metal and melodic black metal. The band often compared to Behemoth as well as Immortal, Naglfar, and Old Man's Child. The brothers cite all of those artists as influences, as well other extreme metal artists such as Satyricon, 1349, Watain, and Keep of Kalessin. A Hill to Die Upon also cites less extreme artists such as mewithoutYou, Eric Church, and Empire of the Sun as influences. mewithoutYou and its primary songwriter Aaron Weiss are particularly cited by Michael Cook as inspiring his lyrical content. On Omens and Holy Despair, the band also included covers of a traditional folk song: "Satan, Your Kingdom Must Come Down" and "O, Death", respectively. "O, Death" included a collaboration with harpist and singer Timbre. The band is noted for not being particularly innovative, but with very strong songwriting. The band explained that > We aren't too concerned about being overly original. A lot of people spend a > great deal of energy trying to be new, but they waste energy they could > spend being good. We would rather put out quality art than subpar original > art. We are convinced that originality will happen, but it is not our focus. Michael told HM that his outlook on music changed when he encountered J. R. R. Tolkien's idea that there is only one original story, and all other stories are variations on that story. He stated that "Art that tries to break the boundaries for its own sake will probably not accomplish much. However, if someone tried to be the best artist at what they know (painting, country, jazz), innovation will happen. Longinus discusses this in his work, 'On the Sublime.'" The band's lyrics deal with mythology, war, philosophy, and despair. Michael noted to HM that themes of despair in particular were present on the band's first two albums, though are much more prominent on Holy Despair. Tolkien has influenced much of the band's imagery and lyrics – the cover art of Infinite Titanic Immortal features a Lord of the Rings-inspired landscape, while Omens even includes lyrics written in Tolkien's Elvish languages. Holy Despair was written with mindset that 2014, its release date, was the 100-year anniversary of World War I, and thus deals with that war extensively. In its philosophical discussions of war, the album draws on various authors such as Tolkien, Erich Maria Remarque, Stephen Crane, and, especially, W. B. Yeats. The final song is an adaption of a poem by C. S. Lewis. While the brothers are Christian, they distance themselves from the label of a "Christian band". In an interview with Detonation Magazine, the brothers stated that > Now, I think we are less irritated with the label of a 'Christian band' even > though we don't really believe it helps anything. Adam and I serve Yahweh > and believe that Jesus of Nazareth was his son. That has a lot do with our > music. Whether you call that a 'Christian band' is kind of up to who is > doing the labelling. We aren't really sure. In HM, Michael explained that "We all want hear songs about who we like to think we are... Metalheads want to hear songs that say it's OK to not believe in a god. Christian metalheads want to hear metal songs that say it's OK to be a Christian. It all sounds really negative when you say it like this, but it's true, though it isn’t necessarily a bad thing." == Members == ;Current members * Adam Cook - vocals, guitar (2004–present), bass (2019-present) * Michael Cook - drums, vocals (2004–present) * Nolan Osmond - guitar (2012–present) ;Former members * Drew Webster - guitar * Elisha Mullins - guitar, bass (2004-2011) (Fleshkiller, The Burial, War of Ages) * Josh Christianson - bass (2012-2013) (2014; as touring musician) * Steve Southard - vocals (2006-2009) * Josiah Timothy Boyd - bass (Deceased 2018) * Tanner Jones - guitars, vocals (2016-2017) * Brent Dossett - bass, vocals (2016-2019) ;Former touring musicians * Levi Wiwe Rauff - bass (2012-2014) * Ravn "Jokull" Furfjod - bass, backing vocals (2009-2010) (Frosthardr) * Andreas Larsen - bass (2011) * Ryan Lamv - bass (2011) * Mike Pingel - guitar (2014-2016) == Discography == ;Studio albums * Infinite Titanic Immortal (July 21, 2009, Bombworks) * Omens (May 23, 2011, Bombworks) * Holy Despair (April 8, 2014, Bombworks) * Via Artis, Via Mortis (September 15, 2017, Luxor) ;Demo * Demo (2008) ;Singles * "Manden Med Leen" (February 12, 2013, Bombworks) == References == Category:Musical groups from Illinois Category:2004 establishments in Illinois Category:Musical groups established in 2004 Category:American death metal musical groups Category:Bombworks Records artists Category:Luxor Records artists
4697001	A Car-Tune Portrait	A Car-Tune Portrait is a cartoon in the Color Classics series produced by Fleischer Studios. Released on June 26, 1937,Cartoon Research entry the cartoon gives an imaginative take on Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2. ==Plot== After the brief opening credits set to an orchestrated version of the Minuet in G by Ludwig van Beethoven, the cartoon introduces a lion who is dressed as a musical conductor and attempts to keep his orchestra of animal musicians in order as they half-play and half-fight their way through the piece. Memorable moments include a dachshund playing the xylophone with his back legs while the rest of him sleeps, a group of monkeys using a flute as a pea-shooter to fire at their fellow musicians, and a horse trombonist who attempts to swat a fly with his trombone, but only succeeding in hitting the dog trumpeter in front of him. In keeping with the building frenzy of Liszt's rhapsody, the animals become more and more violent, playing pranks on each other and generally wreaking havoc, but the piece still goes on. The final scenes see the lion conductor getting smashed over the head with a giant bass drum, at which point he gives in, the music finishes, and the cartoon ends. ==Similar cartoons== Other cartoons with similar plots include the Oscar- nominated shorts, Rhapsody in Rivets and The Magic Fluke; an Oscar-winning short, The Cat Concerto; a Merrie Melodie short, Rhapsody Rabbit with Bugs Bunny; a Woody Woodpecker short, Convict Concerto, with a story by Hugh Harman; and a Looney Tunes short, Daffy's Rhapsody. ==See also== *Song Car- Tunes, 1924–1927 series of cartoons produced by Fleischer Studios and released by Red Seal Pictures. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1930s animated short films Category:1937 short films Category:Color Classics cartoons Category:Fleischer Studios short films Category:1930s American animated films Category:1937 animated films Category:Paramount Pictures short films Category:Short films directed by Dave Fleischer Category:1930s English- language films Category:American animated short films Category:Animated films about lions Category:Films about classical music and musicians
46970826	A Bend in the Ganges	A Bend in the Ganges (1964) is a novel by the Indian author Manohar Malgonkar.Ashok Kumar Bachchan, "A Bend in the Ganges: A Historical Novel" in Basavaraj Naikar (ed.), Indian English Literature, Volume 6, Atlantic Publishers & Distributors, 2007, p. 140. The novel opens with the civil disobedience movement of the early 1930s and ends with the partition riots in Punjab. It encompasses the Swadeshi movement, the activities of the freedom fighters, the outbreak of the Second World War, the British retreat from Rangoon, the Bombay dock explosion and the division of India in 1947. The epigraph of this novel is from the Ramayana: "At a bend in the Ganges, they paused to take a look at the land they were leaving". This story revolves around three male protagonists: Gian Talwar- who is very much influenced by the Gandhian ideology of non-violence; Debi Dayal and Shafi Usman are other two who often uses "Jai-Ram: Jai Rahim" slogan to equate their feeling toward secularism. The fundamental difference between Talwar and Debi-Shafi duo lies in their ideology. As Talwar picks 'Gandhian nonviolence' as his way to fight against the British atrocities, Debi-Shafi finds violence as the only option left. Freedom fighters also establish 'The Hanuman Club', an institution for their physical and spiritual upliftment in a country which is immensely divided due to its variations in political ideology and religious fragility. ==References== Category:1964 novels Category:1964 Indian novels
47134700	A Bigger Splash (2015 film)	A Bigger Splash is a 2015 psychological drama film directed by Luca Guadagnino and with a screenplay by David Kajganich from a story by Alain Page. Starring Tilda Swinton, Matthias Schoenaerts, Ralph Fiennes, and Dakota Johnson, the film is loosely based on the 1969 Jacques Deray film La Piscine and named after the 1967 David Hockney painting of the same name. It is the second instalment in Guadagnino's self-described Desire trilogy, following I Am Love (2009) and preceding Call Me by Your Name (2017). It competed for the Golden Lion at the 72nd Venice International Film Festival. == Plot == In an isolated villa on the small Italian island of Pantelleria, world-famous rock singer Marianne Lane is on holiday with her filmmaker lover Paul De Smedt. She is recovering from surgery and has lost her voice, communicating only by signs and occasional whispers. He is in recovery from alcohol addiction and a suicide attempt. Neither speaks Italian and their togetherness is interrupted by uninvited visitors. Harry Hawkes is an extroverted music producer who was Marianne's lover until he passed her on to his protégé, Paul. With him is Penelope "Pen" Lanier, a previously unknown daughter of his who says she is 22. Moving into the villa, Harry starts inviting friends around as if it were his home and taking everybody out to various sights and festivities. His arrogant manner bores Pen and annoys Paul, but Marianne starts falling under his spell again; however, when Harry and Marianne begin to become intimate, Marianne stops Harry. She tells him that she does love him, but that she cannot be with him and that she is with Paul. The sultry Pen then makes a play for the unhappy Paul; it is not shown, but implied, that Paul succumbs to Pen's overtures. After drinking on his own, Harry comes back very late and starts a fight with Paul beside the pool. Both fall in, and the fight continues. Paul holds Harry underwater to subdue him, but Harry drowns. Realising his mistake, Paul pulls Harry to the surface and attempts to resuscitate him, but is unsuccessful and leaves Harry to drift to the bottom of the pool. In the morning, his corpse is seen by the maid, who calls the police. They have more urgent business with refugees landing from North Africa, some floating ashore dead, but take the occupants of the villa in for questioning. Marianne convinces them with the truth that she was asleep, and suggests that the murderer was an intruder. Paul lies, saying he went to bed before the time of death, and is believed. Pen eventually reveals that she can speak perfect Italian, but chose to let her hosts struggle, and her passport reveals that she is only 17. Paul is concerned that Pen may have witnessed his fight with Harry in the pool, but is unable to determine how much she knows, if anything. Paul tearfully admits to Marianne that he killed Harry but tried to save him. At the airport, as Pen is about to fly out, she tells Paul and Marianne something that refers to something Marianne once said to Harry. Visibly disturbed, Marianne slaps Pen. Pen maintains her composure until she is shown boarding the plane in tears unseen by Marianne and Paul who depart in their car. On the ride back to the villa, they are stopped by the police. It is the investigating officer, but rather than pursuing the case he reveals himself to be a fan of Marianne and wants her to autograph a CD. She obliges and returns to the car where she and Paul share their relief and drive away. ==Cast== * Tilda Swinton as Marianne Lane * Matthias Schoenaerts as Paul De Smedt * Ralph Fiennes as Harry Hawkes * Dakota Johnson as Penelope "Pen" Lanier * Lily McMenamy as Sylvie * Aurore Clément as Mireille * Elena Bucci as Clara * Corrado Guzzanti as Maresciallo dei Carabinieri ==Marketing== The first promo still of A Bigger Splash featuring Matthias Schoenaerts, Tilda Swinton, Dakota Johnson and Ralph Fiennes was released on 27 July 2015. A new set of movie stills were released on 3 September 2015. The first clip was released on 5 September 2015. Swinton appeared in-character on the cover of the Autumn/Winter 2015 issue of AnOther Magazine. In a work of fiction co- authored by Swinton, Glenn O'Brien, Luca Guadagnino, and Dave Kajganich, Marianne Lane gave an interview for the magazine based around events in the film. The first international teaser trailer was released on 1 October 2015. The second trailer was released on 5 January 2016. The second clip from the film was released on 15 January 2016. Fox Searchlight released the first U.S. trailer on 10 February 2016. ==Release== In February 2015, Fox Searchlight Pictures acquired U.S distribution rights to the film. The film made its world premiere at the 72nd Venice Film Festival on 6 September 2015. It was also selected to screen at the Busan International Film Festival on 2 October 2015 and at the London Film Festival on 9 October 2015. Lucky Red released the film in Italy on 26 November 2015. The film was released in the United Kingdom on 12 February 2016 by StudioCanal. It was released in France on 16 April 2016. Originally scheduled to open in the United States on 13 May 2016, it was brought forward to 4 May. For its theatrical release A Bigger Splash earned $2,024,099 in North America and $5,521,659 in foreign receipts for a total world box office gross of $7,545,758. An extended version running for 195 minutes, titled An Even Bigger Splash, screened at the Gothenburg Film Festival on 5 February 2022. ==Reception== ===Critical response=== A Bigger Splash received generally positive reviews from critics. On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 89%, based on 184 reviews. The site's consensus states: "Absorbing, visually arresting, and powerfully acted by an immensely talented cast, A Bigger Splash offers sumptuously soapy delights for fans of psychological adult drama." On Metacritic the film has a score of 74 out of 100, based on 36 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". ===Accolades=== List of awards and nominations Award Date of ceremony Category Recipient(s) Result Ref(s) AARP Annual Movies for Grownups Awards 6 February 2017 Best Actress Tilda Swinton Detroit Film Critics Society 19 December 2016 Best Supporting Actor Ralph Fiennes Evening Standard British Film Awards 8 December 2016 Best Actor Ralph Fiennes Best Actress Tilda Swinton Florida Film Critics Circle 23 December 2016 Best Supporting Actor Ralph Fiennes Independent Spirit Awards 25 February 2017 Best Supporting Male Ralph Fiennes IndieWire Critics Poll 19 December 2016 Best Supporting Actor Ralph Fiennes Best Supporting Actress Tilda Swinton San Francisco Film Critics Circle 11 December 2016 Best Supporting Actor Ralph Fiennes Toronto Film Critics Association 11 December 2016 Best Supporting Actor Ralph Fiennes Venice Film Festival 12 September 2015 Golden Lion Luca Guadagnino Green Drop Award Luca Guadagnino Soundtrack Stars Award A Bigger Splash Best Innovative Budget Award Luca Guadagnino ==References== ==External links== * * * * A Bigger Splash at The Numbers * * Press Book Category:2015 films Category:2015 crime drama films Category:2010s erotic drama films Category:2010s psychological drama films Category:2010s English-language films Category:English-language French films Category:English-language Italian films Category:Films about vacationing Category:Remakes of Italian films Category:Remakes of French films Category:Films directed by Luca Guadagnino Category:Films set in Sicily Category:Films shot in Italy Category:French crime drama films Category:French erotic drama films Category:French multilingual films Category:French psychological drama films Category:Italian crime drama films Category:Italian erotic drama films Category:2010s Italian-language films Category:Italian multilingual films Category:Italian psychological drama films Category:2015 multilingual films Category:2010s French films
4713613	A Gathering of Old Men	A Gathering of Old Men is a novel by Ernest J. Gaines published in 1983. Set on a 1970s Louisiana cane farm, the novel addresses racial discrimination and a bond that cannot be usurped. ==Plot summary== One afternoon, Candy Marshall, a white plantation owner, discovers that a white Cajun farmer, Beau Boutan, has been shot in the yard of a black man named Mathu. She enlists the help of seventeen other old black men by having them come to Mathu's yard, each with a shotgun and one empty number 5 shell. She and the men all claim to be responsible for the murder in an effort to protect the guilty party. Meanwhile, Sheriff Mapes arrives to the scene to arrest the real murderer, most likely Mathu (as he was the only black man who stood up against racism and the Boutans, and is capable of shooting a shotgun). The sheriff also wishes to keep Beau's father, Fix Boutan, from coming to lynch Mathu, who he presumes killed Beau. Meanwhile, Fix's son Gil, who happens to be a standout football player at LSU, arrives at his house to try to convince Fix not to go to Marshall to seek revenge. ==Film adaptation== In 1987 Volker Schlöndorff, a famous German director, made a film, also titled A Gathering of Old Men (aka Murder on the Bayou), which adheres closely to the novel. It stars Richard Widmark (as Sheriff Mapes), Louis Gossett Jr. (as Mathu), Holly Hunter (as Candy), Joe Seneca (as Clatoo), and Will Patton (as Lou Dimes). Category:Novels by Ernest J. Gaines Category:1983 American novels Category:Alfred A. Knopf books Category:Novels set in Louisiana Category:Novels about racism Category:Fiction set in the 1970s Category:American novels adapted into films Category:African-American novels fr:Colère en Louisiane pt:A Gathering of Old Men
47173701	A Blitz of Salt-N-Pepa Hits	A Blitz of Salt-N-Pepa Hits: The Hits Remixed is the first compilation album by American hip hop trio Salt-N-Pepa. It includes re-mixed versions of songs taken from their three studio albums, Hot, Cool & Vicious, A Salt with a Deadly Pepa and Blacks' Magic. The album has been certified platinum in Canada. ==Review== Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic wrote: "As remix albums go, Salt-N-Pepa's is fine, but their hit singles lose a bit of their magic in these extended forms." == Track listing == ==Credits== * Mastered at The Hit Factory * Mastered by Herb Powers Jr. ==Charts== Chart performance for A Blitz of Salt-N-Pepa Hits Chart (1991–1992) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA) 104 ==Certifications== ==References== Category:1990 remix albums Category:Salt-N-Pepa albums
47267044	A Coffin in Egypt	A Coffin in Egypt is a chamber opera in one act by composer Ricky Ian Gordon. The work uses an English language libretto by Leonard Foglia which is based on a 1980 play by Horton Foote. Set in Egypt, Texas, the work tells the story of Myrtle Bledsoe, an embittered 90-year-old woman who sifts through the memories of her past in a quest for self-forgiveness. The opera had its world premiere at the Houston Grand Opera (HGO) in March 2014. A Coffin in Egypt was jointly commissioned by the HGO, Opera Philadelphia, and the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. The work was specifically written as a starring vehicle for mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade. While the work includes a cast of nine, it is essentially a monodrama in that the heroine is the only role with a substantial amount of singing. The other parts are spoken rather than sung lines apart from a few moments when a gospel quartet is used to "underscore key moments, rather in the manner of a Greek chorus". Von Stade reprised the role of Myrtle for performances in Philadelphia in June 2014 and with the Chicago Opera Theater in April 2015. The work was performed by von Stade in February 2016 in the Appel Room at Jazz at Lincoln Center in New York City"A Coffin in Egypt: An Opera-in-Concert featuring Frederica von Stade", Lincoln Center and once again in Wharton Plaza Theater in Wharton, Texas. ==References== ==External links== , Chicago Opera Theater Category:2014 operas Category:Operas by Ricky Ian Gordon Category:Chamber operas Category:Monodrama Category:Operas based on plays Category:Operas Category:Operas set in the United States
47329377	A Child Is Born (film)	A Child Is Born is a 1939 American drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Robert Rossen. The film stars Geraldine Fitzgerald, Jeffrey Lynn, Gladys George, Gale Page, Spring Byington, and Johnnie Davis. The film was released by Warner Bros. on December 17, 1939. It was a remake of the 1932 film Life Begins starring Loretta Young. A further remake Love Story was made in Italy in 1942. ==Plot== Film about several mothers at hospital maternity ward. The nurses care for the mothers and their new born babies. The relationship that are formed with the mothers to be and the expectant fathers. ==Cast== ==Censorship== Numerous regional censor boards heavily edited or banned the film because they believed its discussions of childbirth would frighten women from pursuing motherhood. British Columbia rejected the film because "The showing of this picture would have the effect of creating a fear in the minds of expectant mothers." ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:1939 films Category:1939 drama films Category:American black-and- white films Category:American drama films Category:1930s English-language films Category:Films directed by Lloyd Bacon Category:Films set in hospitals Category:American pregnancy films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:Films scored by Heinz Roemheld Category:Films with screenplays by Robert Rossen Category:1930s pregnancy films Category:1930s American films
47388207	A Lego Brickumentary	A Lego Brickumentary (also known as Beyond the Brick: A Lego Brickumentary) is a 2014 Danish-American documentary film co-directed by Kief Davidson and Daniel Junge, focused on the Danish construction toy Lego. The film was released on July 31, 2014. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who praised its appeal but criticized the promotional tone of the film. It grossed over $100,000 against a production budget of $1 million, although it fared better in home media sales. ==Synopsis== A LEGO Brickumentary offers a look at the global appeal of the LEGO building-block toy. ==Cast== * Jason Bateman as narrator * Jamie Berard as himself * Alice Finch as herself * Bret Harris as himself * G.W. Krauss as himself * Dan Legoff as himself * Nathan Sawaya as himself * Brian Whitaker as himself * Iain Clifford Heath as himself * Trey Parker as himself * Phil Lord as Writer/Director/Himself * Christopher Miller as Writer/Director/Himself == Release == The film had its premiere at the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival on April 20, and was released in theaters on July 31, 2015. ==Reception== === Commercial performance === The film grossed $101,531 in theaters against a production budget of $1 million, in addition to $427,757 in domestic DVD sales. === Critical reception === The film received mixed reviews from critics. Review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reports a 55% rating based on 49 reviews, with an average score of 5.41/10. The website's critics consensus reads: "A LEGO Brickumentary offers a cheerful overview of the popular toy that should satisfy diehard enthusiasts, but its aggressively promotional tone may turn off LEGO agnostics." On Metacritic, the film has a 51 out of 100 rating based on 19 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Peter Sobczynski of RogerEbert.com gave the film two-and-a-half stars out of five. Peter Debruge of Variety writes that the film feels like a "glorified DVD extra" for The Lego Movie. Spectrum Culture wrote that "Brickumentary is both interesting and informative as well as being fun. There may be no “other side” to this documentary, but it does, indeed, give great depth to the toy, its inception and evolution. It also manages, quite successfully, to never, ever be boring." Jordan Hoffman of the New York Daily News gave the film one out of five stars, noting "As a movie, it can be as annoying as stepping on a stray LEGO brick with your socks off." ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:2014 films Category:2014 documentary films Category:Danish documentary films Category:American documentary films Category:Films about toys Category:Films directed by Daniel Junge Brickumentary Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
47394822	A Gota Suspensa	A Gota Suspensa (Portuguese for "The Suspended Drop") is the only release by A Gota Suspensa, a Brazilian experimental/progressive rock band formed in São Paulo in 1978 and which would acquire bigger fame after changing its name to Metrô in 1984.Biografia: A Gota Suspensa As such, it comprised Virginie Boutaud on vocals, Alec Haiat on guitars, Yann Laouenan on keyboards, Xavier Leblanc on bass and Daniel "Dany" Roland on drums, plus saxophonist Marcel Zimberg, who left the band after they changed their name and musical direction. (Leblanc was busy studying during the album's recording sessions though, and for that was replaced by Tavinho Fialho.Metrô – Biografia ) Released in 1983 by independent label Underground Discos e Artes, A Gota Suspensa was a commercial failure, but received a fairly good critical reception, to the point of Epic Records offering them a contract. However, Epic also demanded them to change their sonority towards a more "accessible" direction, and so, in 1984, A Gota Suspensa changed its name to Metrô, removing the prog/experimental elements of their sonority. The album is long out-of-print, being never re-released under CD format, but to this day it has a small cult following, with "A Gota" and "As Aventuras do Homem-Arame" being minor hits.Disco Furado – A Gota Suspensa (Underground Discos, 1983) ==Track listing== ==Personnel== * Virginie Boutaud – vocals * Daniel "Dany" Roland – drums * Marcel Zimberg – sax, flute * Yann Laouenan – keyboards * Alec Haiat – guitar * Tavinho Fialho – bass * Vicente França – additional vocals (track 2) * Michel, Sabrina – vocals (track 9) * Eli Joory – dog (track 7) * Luiz Antônio Ribas – production * Edy Bianchi – recording, mixing * Estúdio O que Pintar – cover art ==References== ==External links== * A Gota Suspensa on Metrô's unofficial website Category:1983 debut albums Category:Portuguese- language albums Category:French-language albums Category:Metrô (band) albums
47426806	A Gamble for Love (novel)	A Gamble for Love is a 1914 sports novel by the British-Australian writer Nathaniel Gould. Like most of Gould's novels it is set in the world of horse racing. ==Film adaptation== In 1917 the novel served as a basis for the British silent film A Gamble for Love directed by Frank Wilson.Goble p.188 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999. Category:1914 British novels Category:Horse racing novels Category:Novels by Nathaniel Gould Category:British novels adapted into films
47457018	A Line That Connects	A Line That Connects is the tenth studio album by Lycia, released by Handmade Birds on August 21, 2015. == Track listing == == Personnel == Adapted from the A Line That Connects liner notes. ;Lycia * David Galas – electric guitar, acoustic guitar, synthesizer, drum programming, mixing, lead vocals (7, 13) * Mike VanPortfleet – lead vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar, synthesizer * Tara VanFlower – lead vocals ;Additional musicians * Michael Irwin – backing vocals (11) * Sera Timms – backing vocals (12) ;Production and additional personnel * Lycia – production, recording * James Plotkin – mastering * David "Slaya" Smith – photography ==Release history== Region Date Label Format Catalog United States 2015 Handmade Birds CD HBDIS-085 ==References== == External links == * * A Line That Connects at Bandcamp * A Line That Connects at iTunes Category:2015 albums Category:Lycia (band) albums
47515595	A Canine Sherlock Holmes	A Canine Sherlock Holmes is a 1912 English silent short film crime drama directed by Stuart Kinder and produced and released by Charles Urban Trading Company. The film starred a canine film actor called Spot, the Urbanora dog. ==The Director== There is almost no information on the director of the film, Stuart Kinder. He began directing in 1911 and did some screen writing as well. A query on findagrave lists two people with the name Stuart Kinder, an American baby born and died in 1923 and a British Sgt. Stuart Whitehead Kinder who was killed in Belgium in 1915 during WW1. The latter Kinder is suspected of being the director Kinder who speculatively went off and joined the war effort. Director Kinder's IMDb filmography ends about the time Sgt Kinder is killed at Belgium with one film remaining for release in 1916. Sgt Kinder was 27 years old at his death which gives him a birth year of around 1887 or 1888.Stuart Kinder, two person; findagrave.com ==Cast== *Spot, The Urbanora Dog ==References== ==External links== *A Canine Sherlock Holmes at IMDb.com *lobby poster Category:1912 films Category:British silent short films Category:Lost British films Category:Sherlock Holmes films Category:British black-and-white films Category:British crime drama films Category:1910s crime drama films Category:1912 lost films Category:1912 drama films Category:1910s British films Category:Silent crime drama films Category:Silent mystery films Category:Silent thriller films
47595311	A Copy of My Mind	A Copy of My Mind is a 2015 Indonesian drama film written and directed by Joko Anwar. A low-budget co-production between Indonesia and South Korea, the film stars Tara Basro and Chicco Jerikho. At the 35th Citra Awards, the film received seven nominations, winning three: Best Director for Anwar, Best Actress for Basro, and Best Sound. ==Plot== A young woman who works at a cheap beauty salon in Jakarta meets a man who makes a living by doing subtitles for pirated DVDs. They quickly fall in love. But their romance is threatened to meet a tragic end as the political situation in the country is heating up during the presidential election. And the ones who suffer are usually common people. ==Cast== * Tara Basro as Sari * Chicco Jerikho as Alek * Maera Panigoro as Mirna * Paul Agusta as Bandi, a salon manager * Ario Bayu as a hitman * Ronny P. Tjandra as Ronny * Tony Merle as DVD seller * Suhaya as presidential candidate * Windu Arifin as pirated DVD agents * Ang Tjio Yang as Sari's landlady * Sutirah as Alek's landlady ==Production== ===Development === Due to lack of funding, Anwar shopped the film's script to the Asian Project Market at the Busan International Film Festival in 2014, where it won the CJ Entertainment Award and a US$10,000 grant. The grant, coupled with a Rp 100 million loans from Anwar's friends, made up the film's Rp 250 million production budget. Due to budget restrictions, the film's cast and crew did not get paid until the film started generating revenue once it was released. Tara Basro commented that she was willing to star in the film despite the uncertainty with salary because "Joko [Anwar] asked me to". Music composer Tony Merle, credited as Tony Setiaji, appeared in the film as a DVD seller. ===Filming=== To save money, the shooting only took 10 days to complete with 100 crew members. Anwar said in an interview with Coconuts Media that "The preparation took eight months. The shoot was brief, only eight days. But we deliberately made it brief because we didn’t want to film in sets. It [was filmed in] real locations, involving real people." ==Release== The film had its world premiere at the Horizons section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where it was the only Southeast Asian film to make the official selection. After further screenings at the Toronto International Film Festival, Busan International Film Festival, and International Film Festival Rotterdam, the film was released theatrically in Indonesia on 11 February 2016. According to Anwar, a censored version of the film was used for theatrical release in Indonesia due to the depiction of sex scenes and explicit language. The uncut version was shown at international film festivals. ==Reception== ===Box office=== As of 20 February 2016, the film had garnered 30 thousand admissions domestically. ===Critical response=== Reviewing the film following its screening in Venice, Craig Takeuchi of The Georgia Straight praised wrote "Like the meandering, observant nature of the film, the point of this story is more about exploring what happens when you lose your way, rather than simply getting to where you want to go." Jason Bechervaise of Screen Daily praised Anwar's for "focus[ing] on characters and the strong chemistry between his two leads as he maintains a steady pace", further commenting that the film "is technically accomplished, paying careful if understated attention to the surroundings." Bechervaise also singled out Basro and Jerikho for "help[ing] carry the film with their carefully calculated performances" and their "genuine and natural abilities [to] help give the film more than a touch of authenticity and sincerity." Upon its theatrical release, Adinda Zakiah of Cinema Poetica praised the film for being a "genuine and simple, but beautiful film" while noting Anwar's ability to write characters that "do not fall into the dichotomy of good and bad". Similarly, Endro Priherdityo of CNN Indonesia highlighted Anwar's ability to "depict the dark corners of Indonesia honestly and brilliantly" in reference to the film's political and class divide themes. ==Awards and nominations== Year Award Category Recipient Result Ref. 2015 72nd Venice International Film Festival Horizons Best Film A Copy of My Mind 2015 35th Citra Awards Best Picture Best Director Joko Anwar Best Actress Tara Basro Best Supporting Actor Paul Agusta Best Cinematography Ical Tanjung Best Sound Khikmawan Santosa Yusuf A. Patawari Best Original Score Rooftop Sound 2016 5th Maya Awards Best Feature Film A Copy of My Mind Best Director Joko Anwar Best Actor in a Leading Role Chicco Jerikho Best Original Screenplay Joko Anwar Best Editing Arifin Cu'unk Best Cinematography Ical Tanjung Best Art Direction Windu Arifin Best Sound Khikmawan Santosa Yusuf A. Patawari Best Poster Design A Copy of My Mind 2016 Indonesian Movie Awards Best Actress Tara Basro Best Supporting Actor Paul Agusta Best Chemistry Chicco Jerikho Tara Basro Favorite Film A Copy of My Mind Favorite Actress Tara Basro Favorite Supporting Actor Paul Agusta ==Sequels== Prior to the film's release, Anwar announced that he envisioned the film to be the first in a trilogy series. While no further confirmation has been made, Anwar hinted that the second and third films are called A Copy of My Soul and A Copy of My Heart and will tell different stories with different cast members. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2015 films Category:2015 drama films Category:Indonesian drama films Category:2010s Indonesian-language films Category:CJ Entertainment films Category:Films directed by Joko Anwar
47740255	A Hero of the Big Snows	A Hero of the Big Snows is a 1926 American silent adventure film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and written by Ewart Adamson. The film stars Rin Tin Tin, Alice Calhoun, Don Alvarado, Leo Willis and Mary Jane Milliken. The film was released by Warner Bros. on July 24, 1926. ==Cast== * Rin Tin Tin as Rinty * Alice Calhoun as Mary Mallory * Don Alvarado as Ed Nolan * Leo Willis as Black Beasley * Mary Jane Milliken as Mary Mallory's Little Sister ==Preservation status== As July 2016, according to the Library of Congress, the film survives at Archives Françaises du film du CNC.The Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:A Hero of the Big Snows ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1926 films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:American silent feature films Category:American adventure films Category:1926 adventure films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Rin Tin Tin Category:Films directed by Herman C. Raymaker Category:1920s English-language films Category:1920s American films Category:Silent adventure films
47806701	A Hungry Heart	A Hungry Heart is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Emile Chautard and starring Alice Brady. It was produced and distributed by World Film Corporation.A Hungry Heart at silentera.comThe AFI Catalog of Feature Films:A Hungry Heart It is sometimes called The Hungry Heart but shouldn't be confused with the Pauline Frederick film of the same year. The film is now lost.The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Catalog:A Hungry Heart ==Cast== * Alice Brady - Frou Frou * Edward Langford - Comte Paul de Valreas * George MacQuarrie - Marquis Henri de Sartorys * Gerda Holmes - Louise Brigard * Alec B. Francis - M. Brigard * John Dudley - Baron de Combri * Edna Whistler - Baronne de Combri * Charles Harley - Pitou * Josephine Earle - Pauline * Horace Haine - Gaston * Ray Carrara - Georgie de Sartorys * Mathilde Brundage - Mother of Comte de Valreas ==See also== *The Toy Wife (1938) ==References== ==External links== * A Hungry Heart at IMDb.com * Category:1917 films Category:American silent feature films Category:American films based on plays Category:Films directed by Emile Chautard Category:Lost American films Category:American black-and-white films Category:World Film Company films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1917 drama films Category:Films about sisters Category:1917 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films Category:1910s English-language films
47807041	A Girl Against Napoleon	A Girl Against Napoleon or The Devil Made a Woman, also known under its Spanish title Carmen, la de Ronda, is a 1959 Spanish historical adventure film directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Sara Montiel, Jorge Mistral and Maurice Ronet.Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer, 2008. p. 141. . It is loosely based on the story of Prosper Mérimée's Carmen, with the setting changed to the Peninsular War era. Carmen is involved with the guerrillas fighting against the French occupation. The film's sets were designed by the art director Enrique Alarcón and built at CEA Studios in Madrid. ==Plot== The year is 1808. A year passed since the beginning of the Peninsular War and singer Carmen is in love with two men at the same time. The men are: a guerrilla named Antonio and the French sergeant José, who, during the war, end up on the opposite sides and therefore are sworn enemies to each other. ==Cast== *Sara Montiel as Carmen *Jorge Mistral as Antonio *Maurice Ronet as José *Germán Cobos as Lucas *José Marco Davó as Alcalde *Félix Fernández as El Dancairo *María de los Ángeles Hortelano as Micaela *Santiago Rivero as Andrés *Alfonso Rojas *Agustín González as Guerrillero *Antonio Delgado *Pilar Gómez Ferrer *Manuel Guitián as Pregonero *Teresa Gisbert *Joaquín Bergía *Víctor Bayo *Ricardo Tundidor *Antonio Cintado as Oficial francés *Amedeo Nazzari as Coronel *Ventura Oller ==References== ==External links== * Category:Spanish historical adventure films Category:Films based on Carmen Category:Films directed by Tulio Demicheli Category:Films set in Spain Category:Films set in 1808 Category:Napoleonic Wars films Category:Guerrilla warfare in film Category:1950s Spanish films
47812009	A Few Drinks	A Few Drinks (Spanish: Cuatro copas) is a 1958 Mexican musical film written and directed by Tulio Demicheli and starring Libertad Lamarque, Miguel Aceves Mejía and Raúl Ramírez. The film's sets were designed by the art director Gunther Gerzso. ==Cast== *Libertad Lamarque as Eugenia Pavel *Miguel Aceves Mejía as Miguel *Raúl Ramírez as Jorge del Río *Miguel Manzano as Felipe *Leonor Llausás as Elena *Celia Tejeda as cook * as doctor *Amparo Arozamena as Panfilo's employee *Alberto Catalá as producer * as maid * as Don Panfilo *Antonio Bravo as Señor Núñez *Julián Colman * as announcer *Guillermo Hernández as man with a mug *José Muñoz as Don Melquiades *Francisco Pando as bartender *Carlos Robles Gil as Party guest *Hernán Vera as Don Panfilo's client ==References== ==External links== * Category:Mexican musical films Category:1958 musical films Category:Films directed by Tulio Demicheli Category:1950s Spanish-language films Category:1950s Mexican films Category:Spanish-language musical films
4788514	A Darker Shade of Evil	A Darker Shade of Evil is an EP by the Norwegian black metal band Fleurety. This album was later included in Min Tid Skal Komme (Reissue) a re-issued version of Min Tid Skal Komme. ==Track listing== #"Profanations Beneath The Bleeding Stars" – 5:02 #"...And the Choirs Behind Him" – 1:27 #"My Resurrection in Eternal Hate" – 4:46 ==Credits== *Alexander Nordgaren – Guitar, Bass, Lead Vocals *Svein Egil Hatlevik – Drums, Synthesizer, Backing Vocals ==References== Category:1994 EPs Category:Fleurety albums
47941374	A Christmas Horror Story	A Christmas Horror Story is a 2015 Canadian anthology horror film directed by Grant Harvey, Steven Hoban, and Brett Sullivan. It premiered on July 20, 2015, at the Fantasia International Film Festival and had a limited theatrical release on October 2, 2015, along with a VOD release. The film is a series of interwoven stories tied together by a framework story featuring William Shatner as a radio DJ. ==Plot== Dangerous Dan is an alcoholic radio DJ stuck pulling a long shift at the Bailey Downs radio station during Christmas. During his broadcast, he keeps receiving notices of a disturbance at the local mall, telling his listeners to stay away. Dan keeps playing his music while a series of four stories are witnessed: ===First story=== Dylan, Ben, and Molly Simon have decided to break into their school, which used to be a convent, to investigate the murders of two students, one of whom was Dan's grandson, that occurred in the school's basement the year before. Their friend, Caprice, was supposed to go, but she instead has to go with her parents out of town. The three of them end up getting locked in the basement. Molly becomes possessed after witnessing a bloody ghost and tries to seduce Dylan. When he refuses her, Molly kills him. Molly successfully seduces Ben and after the act is finished, the ghost leaves Molly's body. Upon waking, Molly reveals that the ghost was actually a pregnant teenager named Grace who died when the school was a convent after the nuns gave her a gruesome abortion. The ghost is only interested in having someone give birth to her child and if they refuse, they are murdered – explaining last year's deaths. Despite having successfully gotten Molly pregnant, the ghost sees Ben holding a weapon which is viewed as a threat, and the ghost kills him. The ghost then unlocks the door and allows Molly to leave. ===Second story=== Scott Peters is a police officer who worked the murder case of the two students the year before, but had to take a leave from the force due to the trauma of it. On Christmas Eve, much to his wife's reluctance, Scott convinces his family to go into woods owned by "Big Earl" to chop down a Christmas tree for their house. During the trek, Scott's son Will wanders off and gets lost. He and his wife Kim manage to find Will inside of a tree and are overjoyed to find him. This joy is short lived after Will begins to act strangely, culminating in Big Earl contacting the family to warn them that Will is actually a changeling. After the changeling kills Scott, Kim brings the changeling to Big Earl, who states that he's unable to help her find her son because it is up to the changelings. This ultimately ends with Kim shooting Big Earl, who was containing the changelings in the grove. Finally free, the changeling returns to his home and frees Will. ===Third story=== Caprice and her younger brother Duncan are traveling with their parents Taylor and Diane to visit their elderly Aunt Edda. During their visit, Edda tells them about the mythological creature Krampus, which frightens Caprice – especially after Duncan purposely destroys a Krampus figurine in an attempt to irritate Edda's caretaker, Gerhardt. Their parents decide to take the children home at Edda's insistence, but on the way they get into a car accident, forcing them to walk. Aware that they were being hunted by Krampus because they acted badly, the family members take refuge in a church where they attempt to confess their sins in belief that Krampus will leave them if they do so. However, they are picked off one by one until only Caprice remains. Caprice manages to flee to Aunt Edda's house. She is successful in killing Krampus who transforms into Gerhardt. It's revealed that he transformed into Krampus due to his anger over the family's actions and that Edda was fully aware that this would happen. Furious, Caprice's anger causes her to transform into Krampus, and she attacks Edda. ===Fourth story=== While preparing for a busy Christmas, Santa Claus discovers that all of his elves and his wife have turned into zombies after one of the infected elves dies following a fit of rage. He manages to kill them all, but is then forced to fight against Krampus. However, right when he's about to kill Krampus it's revealed that "Santa" is actually a Mall Santa named Norman, the weather forecaster on Dangerous Dan's radio show, who had a psychotic break while working overtime that caused him to see regular mall goers as zombies during the Christmas Food Drive. The police arrive and manage to gun him down just as he goes to kill "Krampus", revealed to be the mall's manager, Mr. Taylor. This is the disturbance at the mall that Dangerous Dan has been mentioning through his broadcast. ==Cast== ==Production== Directors for this film were Steven Hoban, who created the original idea, Grant Harvey (and Brett Sullivan, all of whom worked on the Ginger Snaps trilogy."‘A Christmas Horror Story’ Dishes Out Four Helpings Of Yuletide Terror". Film Fracture, September 26, 2015 by James Jay Edwards The sound track was created by Alex Khaskin, and consisted of spooky adaptations of traditional Christmas music."A Christmas Horror Story (Movie Review)". Cryptic Rock, October 2, 2015, Tracy Allen The film includes gory special effects."A Christmas Horror Story (2015) Review". Horror Freak News, December 29, 2015, Michael Klug. ==Reception== Jake Dee from Arrow in the Head rated the film a 5/10, calling its overlapping segments "uneven", and stating that only the final two segments managed to be memorable. Brett Gallman from Oh, the Horror! offered similar criticism, stating that the film would have been better if its segments had played separately. Not all reviews of the film, however were negative. Brad Miska from Bloody Disgusting gave the film a positive review, writing, "While A Christmas Horror Story doesn’t have the qualities of a big theatrical release, like Trick ‘r Treat, it’s glossy enough to bring joy to those however they end up seeing it." Jay Seaver from eFilmCritic gave the film 4/5 stars, calling it "a solidly-entertaining piece of work". ==See also== * Krampus, a 2015 horror film that also features the Krampus folklore * Silent Night, a 2012 horror film that is centered around Christmas * Tales of Halloween, a 2015 horror anthology film that is also centered around a holiday * Trick 'r Treat, a 2007 anthology horror film that is also centered around a holiday ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2015 films Category:2015 horror films Category:2010s ghost films Category:2010s Christmas horror films Category:2010s supernatural horror films Category:Canadian supernatural horror films Category:Canadian Christmas horror films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:Films about fairies and sprites Category:Canadian horror anthology films Category:Krampus in film Category:Canadian ghost films Category:Canadian zombie films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s Canadian films Category:Copperheart Entertainment films
47948097	A Far Cry from You	"A Far Cry from You" is a song written by Steve Earle that was released as a single by American country artist Connie Smith. The song was released as a single on Epic Records and did not appear on an official album. "A Far Cry from You" became Smith's first official single to be issued following her decision to enter semi-retirement in the late 1970s. Secondly, the song became her final single to reach a position on the Billboard country chart. == Background and content == "A Far Cry from You" was written by Steve Earle, originally a songwriter whose career would shift into commercial success as a recording artist. Connie Smith had been in a period of semi-retirement from the music industry since 1979. Country artist Ricky Skaggs convinced Smith to return to music again, prompting the recording of Earle's song after signing with Epic Records. Additionally, her youngest daughter was beginning kindergarten, allowing Smith more time to devote to other activities. "A Far Cry from You" was recorded in April 1985 in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The song was cut under Smith's first session as a member of the Epic Records roster. The second track recorded at this session was "Don't Touch", which would serve as the single's official B-side. Since its initial launch, "A Far Cry from You" has received positive critical response. No Depression praised the song, commenting in 1998, "The record barely dented the charts, but it's noteworthy for being the closest Smith's music has ever come to bluegrass, and for being penned by a then-up-and-coming Nashville songwriter named Steve Earle." == Chart performance and release == "A Far Cry from You" was released in June 1985 as a 7" vinyl single on Epic Records. The single reached a minor chart position that year, peaking at number 71 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles and Tracks chart. It has since been Smith's final single to reach a Billboard chart position to date. Additionally, the song did not appear on an official album. The song represented a temporary resurgence in Smith's recording career, after a six-year hiatus. Robert K. Oermann and A. Mary Bufwakck of Finding Her Voice: The History of Women in Country Music explained Smith's choice of leaving and re-entering the music business, "I have never regretted that decision. I was sick and tired of it all. There just wasn't enough of me to go around. I nursed all three of my girls on the road. I couldn't keep doing what I was doing in church and with my family and the career. I couldn't afford someone to clean my house and do all that stuff. So the only thing I could give up was the singing. And I never really thought I'd go back to it." Following the release of a second single in 1986, Smith went into semi-retirement again. She officially returned to recording and performing in 1998 with the release of her self-titled studio album. == Track listings == ;7" vinyl single * "A Far Cry from You" * "Don't Touch" == Charts == === Weekly charts === Chart (1985) Peak position US Hot Country Singles and Tracks (Billboard) 71 == References == == External links == * "A Far Cry from You" original version on YouTube Category:1985 songs Category:1985 singles Category:Connie Smith songs Category:Epic Records singles Category:Songs written by Steve Earle
47996115	A Journey Charm	The so-called "Journey Charm" () is one of the 12 Anglo-Saxon metrical charms written in Old English. It is a prayer written to summon protection from God and various other Christian figures from the hazards of the road. It is of particular interest as evidence for popular Anglo-Saxon Christian religion. == Content == A Journey Charm was a Speech Act, or a performative incantation, chant or prayer that was performed before a journey to ward off evil on the journey. It mainly deals with a list of biblical characters, invoking their blessing, including everyone from Adam to Christ to Peter and Paul. The poem reflects the martial character of Anglo-Saxon Christian culture: Luke gives the journeyer a sword, Seraphim give him a "glorious spear of radiant good light", and he is well armed, with mail and shield too. The text gives us a unique insight into popular religious practices of Anglo-Saxon culture, and the particular rituals prescribed for journeys. == History == The charm survives in only one manuscript: the eleventh-century Cambridge, Corpus Christi College MS 41, where it is written into the margins of pp. 350-53. This text is part of the movement from Oral Tradition to a Writing tradition, and so is marked as Transitional Literature- a type of go-between in which oral performances are copied, but some of the performance parts are lost, assumed to be inferred, or hinted at. ==Facsimiles and Editions== * The manuscript is available in digital facsimile at https://web.archive.org/web/20161018210819/https://parker.stanford.edu/parker/actions/page_turner.do?ms_no=41. * Foys, Martin et al. Old English Poetry in Facsimile Project (Center for the History of Print and Digital Culture, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 2019-); digital facsimile edition and Modern English translation == References == Category:Anglo-Saxon metrical charms Category:Anglo-Saxon society
48385917	A J M Nasir Uddin	Abu Jahed Mohammad Nasir Uddin aka A J M Nasir Uddin (; born 1 January 1957) is a Bangladeshi politician and former Mayor of Chittagong City Corporation. He is also the vice president of Bangladesh Cricket Board. == Personal life == Uddin was born on 1 January 1957 in Andarkilla, Chittagong. He completed his primary level education at Kadam Mubarak Primary school then completed S.S.C. in 1973 from Government Muslim High School. He completed H.S.C and his graduation at Chittagong College. == Career == On 24 January 1993, a rally of Awami league led by Sheikh Hasina at Laldighi Maidan, Chittagong was attacked. After which a case was filed by Sufian Siddique, Bangladesh Chattra League leader, against 28 including Uddin. Bangladesh Police submitted the charge sheet in the case on 7 March 1993. Uddin was acquitted in the case on 23 July 2015. Uddin submitted his nomination form to contest the mayoral election in Chittagong on 31 March 2015. He won on 30 April 2015 the election defeating the candidate of Bangladesh Nationalist Party Mohammad Manjur Alam. Bangladesh Nationalist Party called the vote rigged and boycotted it. A voter was threatened with three years imprisonment by a polling agent of Uddin saying that his vote had already been cast. In 2017, Uddin traded barbs with former mayor ABM Mohiuddin Chowdhury. On 3 April 2019, Uddin slapped an engineer of National Housing Authority over land disputes regarding construction of sewage line between National Housing Authority and Chittagong City Corporation. On 28 October 2019, he forced Hasina Mohiuddin, the wife of the former Mayor of Chittagong ABM Mohiuddin Chowdhury, off the stage at a program of Awami League. He presented the Chittagong City Key to cricketer Shakib Al Hasan. After Uddin's term as Mayor of Chittagong ended in 2020 he did not receive a nomination from Awami League for the future election. He blamed it on a "conspiracy". Awami League nominated Rezaul Karim Chowdhury to contest the Chittagong Mayoral election. == References == Category:1957 births Category:Living people Category:Mayors of Chattogram City Corporation Category:Awami League politicians Category:Government Muslim High School alumni Category:People from Chittagong Category:Bengali Muslims
48405771	A Boyar Wedding Feast	A Boyar Wedding Feast was painted in 1883 by Russian artist Konstantin Makovsky (1839–1915). The painting shows a toast at a wedding feast following a boyar marriage, where the bride and the groom are expected to kiss each other. The bride looks sad and reluctant, while the elderly attendant standing behind her encourages the bride to kiss the groom. The work won a gold medal at the World's Fair held in Antwerp, Belgium in 1885, and is considered to be one of Makovsky's most popular works. It is currently located in Hillwood museum, Washington DC, US. == Background == thumb|Makovsky's self portrait (1856) Konstantin Makovsky (1839-1915) was a famous Russian realist painter who opposed academic restrictions that existed in the art world at the time. His father was the Russian art figure and amateur painter, Egor Makovsky and his mother was a composer. Because of his parents' professions, Makovsky showed an early interest in painting and music. He entered the Moscow School of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture at the age of 12, where he was influenced by teachers such as Vasily Tropinin and Karl Bryullov. After graduating, Makovsky went to France in hopes of becoming a composer, but after touring Europe in order to get acquainted with traditional folk and classical music, he ultimately chose painting. In 1858 Makovsky entered the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg, where he created artworks such as Curing of the Blind (1860) and Agents of the False Dmitry kill the son of Boris Godunov (1862). In 1863, Makovsky and thirteen other students protested against the Academy's decision to only allow artwork of Scandinavian mythology in the competition for the Large Gold Medal of Academia. Thus, all of them left the academy without a diploma. This incident later came to be known as the "Revolt of the Fourteen". Later, Makovsky joined the Artel of Artists, a cooperative association founded by Ivan Kramskoi, whose members were realist artists that advocated for more realistic depictions of the everyday life of old Russia. Notable works by Makovsky of this period are "The Widow" (1865) and "The Herringwoman" (1867). In 1870 he became a founding member of the Society for Travelling Art Exhibitions and continued to work on paintings in the realism genre. He went on to travel North Africa and Serbia in the mid-1870s., which resulted in a significant stylistic change as he started putting greater emphasis on colours and shapes. At the World's Fair of 1889 in Paris, he received the Large Gold Medal for his paintings Death of Ivan the Terrible, The Judgement of Paris, and Demon and Tamara. By the end of the century, Makovsky was one of the most respected and highly-paid Russian artists, regarded by some critics as the forerunner of Russian impressionism. He died in 1915 when his crew crashed into a tram on the streets of St. Petersburg. ==Painting== A Boyar Wedding Feast is an oil on canvas painting measuring , set in either the 16th or 17th century, in which a room of guests are depicted toasting a newlywed couple. A traditionally offered boyar wedding toast is meant to encourage the first kiss to make the wine sweeter. The couple stands at the head of the table (right), where the groom presents his bride to the wedding guests and sees her without her veil for the first time. She appears timid and bashful as the men toast for the first kiss. To the right of the couple, the "Lady of Ceremony" gently urges on the bride. thumb|200px|left|Detail: the roasted swan on a large platter Makovsky's depiction of the wedding, an important social event of 16th and 17th century boyar life, is dramatically lit. The guests are depicted at the table with food and drink served on silverware in front of them. A roasted swan is being brought in on a large platter, the last dish served before the couple retire into the bedroom. Luxurious details such as silver cups, richly embroidered garments, and an ivory chest with a silver bowl in the foreground are depicted. The bride and the other women are wearing pearl-studded kokoshniki, a Russian woman's headdress. ==Provenance== Winning the 1885 medal of honor at the Exposition Universelle d'Anvers (2 May – 2 November 1885), A Boyar Wedding Feast was purchased by American jeweler and art collector Charles William Schumann in August 1885 for $15,000 (or £10,000). Schumann reportedly outbid Alexander III of Russia to obtain the work. The painting was auctioned as part of Schumann's estate on 23 January 1936 and sold for $2,500. Sometime after the sale, A Boyar Wedding Feast entered the collection of Robert Ripley, creator of Ripley's Believe It or Not!. It was sold during his estate sale on 26 August 1949 for $2,200. The painting was again offered for sale on 18 December 1968. Between 1968 and 1973, the painting was acquired by Marjorie Merriweather Post. Upon her death in 1973, the Hillwood Estate, Museum & Gardens was founded by Post's estate, and A Boyar Wedding Feast was donated to the collection. ==See also== * Decorating of the Bride ==References== Notes Citations Bibliography * * * * * * * * * ==External links== :* La Belle Epoque en Europe Category:1883 paintings Category:Food and drink paintings Category:Paintings by Konstantin Makovsky Category:History paintings Category:Paintings of people Category:Paintings in Washington, D.C. Category:Birds in art
48451949	A Coliseum Complex Museum	A Coliseum Complex Museum is the fifth studio album by the Canadian psychedelic rock band The Besnard Lakes, released on January 22, 2016 on Jagjaguwar. The album is the first to feature keyboardist Sheenah Ko and guitarist Robbie MacArthur, who both joined the band in 2014 to tour behind the band's previous album, Until in Excess, Imperceptible UFO (2013). The album was preceded by the EP, Golden Lion, which features two additional tracks recorded during the album's sessions. ==Writing and composition== The album features shorter compositions than those on the band's previous two studio albums, Until in Excess, Imperceptible UFO (2013) and The Besnard Lakes Are the Roaring Night (2010). Regarding this, vocalist and guitarist Jace Lasek noted: "This [album] pulls us back in; we were curious to see if it was still possible for us to make something and be happy with it if things were a little more compact and condensed. It worked and it was super fun doing it as well." ==Critical reception== Writing for Exclaim!, Dave Mix was critical of the album's sameness, but called it "another impeccably crafted psychedelic rock record sure to please fans of the genre." In a mostly positive review for Pitchfork, Evan Rytlewski did, however, criticize the album for sounding too similar to its predecessors: "Coliseum stacks everything in the right place, and it’s all executed with the usual precision, so why doesn’t the album dazzle quite like the last few? Like the four albums before it, the Besnards self-recorded and self-produced this one at Breakglass, and more than its predecessors, it begs for an outside collaborator, somebody to shake up the band’s routine and perhaps lend some new tricks to their shrinking playbook." ==Track listing== ==References== Category:2016 albums Category:Jagjaguwar albums Category:The Besnard Lakes albums
48463992	A Guest of Honour (novel)	A Guest of Honour is a 1970 fictional novel by South African writer Nadine Gordimer. Published four years after her novel The Late Bourgeois World, the novel is a political novel that explores the role of revolutionary ideas in new African states. == Critical reception == The New York Times reviewer Thomas Fisk called the novel "a long, spacious, comprehensive work of fiction" which has "something Olympian, something magnificently confident [about how] this South African writer goes about her work." Fisk's review focuses on the stylistic qualities of the novel, calling the characters "exceedingly human: complicated, erring, driven by fleshy appetites and by the loftiest resolves" and discussing the setting as a "landscape so tactile and so sensuous that it becomes a participant in everything that occurs". == References == == Further reading == * * * Category:Novels by Nadine Gordimer Category:20th-century South African novels Category:1970 novels
48508834	A Fist Within Four Walls	A Fist Within Four Walls () is a 2016 Hong Kong martial arts action television drama produced by Jazz Boon and TVB. It premiered on TVB Jade in Hong Kong, Astro On Demand in Malaysia and TVB First in Singapore on 1 August 2016. The final episode aired on 28 August 2016, totalling 28 episodes. A Fist Within Four Walls takes place in the triad-ridden Kowloon Walled City in the early 1960s. The plot revolves around Chor Au-kuen, a gifted martial arts novice who takes on the duty of protecting the walled city against evildoers. A Fist Within Four Walls is the highest-rated drama of 2016, and its final episode was the second most-watched series finale of the year in Hong Kong. It received generally positive reviews during its broadcast. The drama received multiple awards and nominations at the StarHub TVB Awards and the TVB Star Awards in Malaysia, winning Favourite Drama, Favourite Actor (Ruco Chan), and Favourite Actress (Nancy Wu) at both ceremonies. It won six awards at the TVB Anniversary Awards, including Best Drama, Best Actor (Chan), Best Actress (Wu), Most Popular Male Character (Benjamin Yuen), Most Popular Female Character (Grace Wong), and Most Popular Drama Theme Song ("Never Know You Are the Best"). ==Premise== A Fist Within Four Walls is characterised as a kung fu drama with frequent comic relief. It takes inspiration from Hong Kong manhua and martial arts films. The story mainly takes place in the Kowloon Walled City during the early 1960s, when a majority of the city was virtually ruled by Hong Kong triads. The walled city was a largely ungoverned settlement at the time, with high rates of gambling, prostitution, and drug use, earning the name "Three Lawless Zone" (三不管; saam1 bat1 gun2). ===Plot=== In 1945, Bajiquan masters Duen Tung-tin and Chiu Mang-san form a brief alliance to protect the once-peaceful Kowloon Walled City from falling into the hands of ruthless gangs. The alliance breaks when Duen is poisoned and beaten to death by a mysterious assailant, and Chiu is suspected to be the killer. Chiu allegedly commits suicide, his children separate, and the walled city falls under the control of triads. Fifteen years later, Chiu's now adult son Chor Au-kuen returns to the walled city to find his long-lost sister. Concealing his true identity, he gets acquainted with Tiu Lan, the lady boss of a local hair salon, and finds a job as a water labourer so he can pay his rent. By chance, Kuen meets the dentist Duen Ying-fung, the only son of Duen, and finds that the Duen family has now closed down their Bajiquan kwoon to start a dental clinic. Fung is skilled in Bajiquan but only trains it in secret, as he does not want to be seen as a threat against the city's leading triad organisation, The Fellow Association. To protect the city's people against the growing power of The Fellow Association, Kuen and Fung recruit other kung fu practitioners to form the Kowloon Walled City Welfare Association. Though naturally gifted in martial arts, Kuen refuses to learn Bajiquan from Fung, as he believes that his father's Tiger Climbing Mountain fist to be the strike that had killed Fung's father fifteen years ago. Instead, Kuen takes up the mentorship of store owner Yuk Bo-fung, a retired kung fu master, and learns mixed styles of Muay Thai and Wing Chun. Her son Lung Shing-fu, the right-hand man of Fellow Association leader Or Man-cheung, finds his loyalties divided. A leader of The Fellow Association mysteriously dies under the hands of a Bajiquan master, and Fung becomes the number one suspect. Kuen and Fung investigate, and the case leads them straight to Fa Man, the leader of a stripping dance troupe. As the drama progresses, more mysteries behind the deaths of Chiu and Duen begin to unravel. Kuen finds that The Fellow Association is not the only society that is plaguing the walled city with evil. ==Cast and characters== *Ruco Chan as Chor Au-kuen (左勾拳; zo2 ngau1 kyun4): Known as Kuen Lo (拳佬; "Fist Guy"), the main protagonist. Kuen is a water labourer who possesses impressive physical strength and is naturally gifted in martial arts. He was born Chiu Yeung (朝陽; ziu1 joeng4) and was the son of Chiu Mang-san, a Bajiquan master from the walled city. When his father was accused of a crime and later killed, 10-year- old Kuen escaped the walled city to Macau to live with his great aunt. Fifteen years later, he returns to the walled city in hopes of finding his long-lost sister. He gets acquainted with several martial artists within the city and takes up the mentorship of Yuk Bo-fung, a master in Muay Thai and Wing Chun. Bearing the guilt of his father's crime, Kuen refuses to re-learn Bajiquan, but soon discovers that his father's death was not as everyone believed it to be. As the drama progresses, Kuen gains the skills necessary to take on The Fellow Association, the city's leading triad organisation, and forms the Walled City Welfare Association to protect the people against them. Kuen is cheerful and kind-hearted, but can be at times too naïve and impulsive. Yeung Hoi-pok portrayed 10-year-old Chor Au-kuen. *Nancy Wu as Tiu Lan (刁蘭; diu1 laan4): Kuen's feisty and bossy landlady who owns a hair salon in the walled city and has a crush on Fung. Though stingy and at times overbearing, she is innately honourable with a strong sense of justice. Tiu Lan has a mysterious past, and has demonstrated on several occasions that she is an extremely skilled mixed martial artist, with a fondness for knives. Viann Ngai portrayed 10-year-old Tiu Lan. *Benjamin Yuen as Duen Ying-fung (段迎風; dyun6 jing4 fung1): Known as Ngah Lo (牙佬; "Tooth Guy"), Kuen's occasional rival and the successor of the Duen Family Bajiquan. Fung was the only son of Duen Tung-tin, an influential Bajiquan master and protector of the walled city. When Fung was 10, his father was beaten to death by a mysterious assailant, and his family was forced to close down their Bajiquan kwoon due to the growing intimidation of triads. Fung's uncle warns him to keep his Bajiquan abilities low-profile so he would not fall into the same fate as his father. Fung is introduced at the start of the drama as a local dentist who trains in secret. After meeting Kuen, Fung realises the importance of his skill and co-forms the Walled City Welfare Association to protect the walled city against The Fellow Association. Fung is logical, levelheaded, and has a very calm and collected style of fighting. He is the stark contrast to Kuen's brute strength. Alvin Lau portrayed 10-year-old Duen Ying-fung. *Carlo Ng as Fung Chun-mei (馮春美; fung4 ceon1 mei5): One of the leading figures of The Fellow Association. He controls most of the city's prostitute houses and performance clubs. A rough childhood turned him into a heartless, cruel, and a little twisted in the mind, but he remains extremely protective of his younger brother, Fung Ha-moon. His feminine appearance and demeanor hides his true persona of a ruthless, cruel and sadistic triad boss. He is a master in the Eagle Claw. *Philip Ng as Lung Shing-fu (龍成虎; lung4 sing4 fu2): Kuen and Fung's rival. He is a highly skilled Muay Thai fighter and has never lost a fight in the ring. Fu is the only son of Yuk Bo-fung, a retired kung fu master from Thailand. To keep his mother safe, Fu joins The Fellow Association and becomes Or Man-cheung's right-hand man. His mother is highly against this decision, and they enter an estranged relationship. Fu is extremely filial, protective, and would go to extreme lengths to protect his mother, even if he has to betray The Fellow Association. *Yuen Qiu as Yuk Bo-fung (玉波鳳; juk6 bo1 fung2): Known as Thai Por (泰婆; "Thai Lady"), Kuen's mentor. She is a retired Wing Chun and Muay Thai master from Mainland China, but moved to Thailand to start her family. After her husband's death, she brings her only son, Lung Shing-fu, to Hong Kong and settles in the walled city. She disapproves of her son's involvement with The Fellow Association, but would do anything to protect him. Thai Por owns a mini store across the street from Tiu Lan's hair salon, and the two often compete for customers. *Lam Tsz-sin as But Tak-liu (畢得了; bat1 dak1 liu5): Kuen's roommate and one of Tiu Lan's tenants. He works as a general contractor and was the first person to bring Kuen into the walled city. *Grace Wong as Fa Man (花曼; faa1 maan4): The mysterious leader of a striptease dance troupe. Fa Man is a powerful Bajiquan fighter, and was hired by Fung Chun-mei to cause unrest between Or Man-cheung and Fuk Sau-kam. Hedia Yeung portrayed 9-year-old Fa Man. *Moon Lau as Or Tak-li (柯德莉; o1 dak1 lei4): Also known as Audrey, the daughter of Or Man-cheung. She has just returned to Hong Kong after graduating university from abroad. Rebellious and fascinated with the culture of the walled city, she takes up a teaching post at the city's local public elementary school and becomes acquainted with Kuen, who she starts to fancy. She is generous and sympathetic, but is also quite mischievous. *KK Cheung as Or Man-cheung (柯萬長; o1 maan6 coeng4): A Hong Kong business tycoon and a leading figure of The Fellow Association, and controls most of the gambling operations within the walled city, including the city's biggest underground fighting ring. He is a hidden master in Tai Chi, and fights with a weaponised umbrella. *Vincent Lam as Fuk Sau-kam (福壽金; fuk1 sau6 gam1): One of the leading figures of The Fellow Association. He controls most of the city's drug rings, and is also a drug addict himself. He is a master in the Piguaquan, and takes medication to neutralise his sensitivity to pain. Fuk Sau-kam has a sadistic mind, and takes joy in torturing others for his entertainment. *Oscar Li as Fung Ha-moon (馮夏滿; fung4 haa6 mun5): Fung Chun-mei's younger brother who co-rules his prostitution empire. He is a notorious pervert that rapes all the new girls sold into prostitution. Fung Ha-moon is a skilled wrestler, a stark contrast to his brother's stylistic Eagle Claw. *Jimmy Au as Yeung Chuk-luen (楊竹鑾; wong4 siu2 zi3): The honest owner of a put chai ko (缽仔糕) factory who helps the walled city citizens as much as possible, while smuggling drugs for Fuk Sau-kam to protect his employees. ==Production== ===Development and filming=== On 15 April 2015, TVB and producer Jazz Boon announced the development of A Fist Within Four Walls after casting martial arts star and action choreographer, Philip Ng. Ng negotiated with TVB for three months before agreeing to star. The series would revolve around a group of martial artists living in the Kowloon Walled City, an ungoverned former enclave in Hong Kong. Him Law and Sammy Sum were subsequently announced to star, with Law attached to a villain role. Benjamin Yuen and Moon Lau joined the cast a week later, but Law and Sum dropped out and was replaced by Ruco Chan and Benjamin Yuen, respectively. The cast was finalised in July 2015 with the addition of Ruco Chan, Nancy Wu, Yuen Qiu, and Grace Wong. Philip Kwok was hired as the series action director and choreographer. On 14 August, the cast of A Fist Within Four Walls attended an open wushu training course and were interviewed by the press. A blessing ceremony for the drama was held on 28 August, a week after shooting began. Principal photography lasted until the third week of November. ==Soundtrack== ;Track listing ==Reception== thumb|230px|right|TVB's 2016 calendar, month of November. On 6 November 2015, TVB released its 2016 calendar, which has a promotional image of A Fist Within Four Walls attached to the month of November 2016. The first trailer for the drama was presented at the 2016 TVB Sales Presentation on 10 November 2015. A Fist Within Four Walls was the last TVB drama presented at the Hong Kong FILMART in March 2016. On 26 July, a week before the drama's premiere, Hong Kong manhua author Yu Yee accused A Fist Within Four Walls of plagiarism, claiming that parts of the character design in Fung Chun-mei (portrayed by Carlo Ng) came from a character in his manhua City of Darkness, a story that also takes place in the Kowloon Walled City. He also claimed that "Typhoon", the assumed nickname of KK Cheung's role Or Man-cheung, is an exact copy of another character in his manhua. TVB has denied all accusations. Producer Jazz Boon responded by saying that the characterisation of Fung Chun-mei is actually inspired by Dongfang Bubai, the famous villain in the popular wuxia novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer by Jin Yong. He also clarified that "Typhoon" is not the nickname of KK Cheung's character, but added that the name "Typhoon" is a "very typical and popular" name in fiction. ===Broadcast=== A Fist Within Four Walls premiered on 1 August 2016, as part of TVB's Amazing Summer program line-up. It is also broadcast by Astro On Demand in Malaysia, StarHub's TVB First in Singapore, and premiered it on the same time as Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, the first episode received an average rating of 30 TVRs (TV ratings) and peaked at 31 TVRs, reaching over 2 million viewers. It was the most-watched Hong Kong drama debut since Ruse of Engagement in 2014. It finished the week with an average viewership rating of 26.7 TVRs, the highest-rated premiere week for 2016. One complaint was submitted to TVB and Hong Kong's Broadcast Authority, deploring the drama's violence. The series finale, aired on 28 August 2016, was the second most-watched finale of the year, averaging 32.9 TVRs. It peaked to 35.2 TVRs, drawing in 2.28 million viewers. TVB and Hong Kong's Broadcast Authority received six complaints after the finale's broadcast. Four letters criticised the ending for having character deaths, while two complained about the drama being too gory and violent. The authorities did, however, receive two letters praising the cast's performance. A Fist Within Four Walls is the highest-rated Hong Kong television drama of 2016, averaging 30.7 TVRs per episode. ===Critical response=== The critical reception for A Fist Within Four Walls has been generally positive. On Douban, a Chinese media database, the drama received a rating of 8.1 out of 10 based on 5,000 votes. Most of the critical praises were directed towards the drama's writing, cast, and fight choreography. Hong Kong filmmaker Patrick Kong gave the first five episodes a positive review, calling it one of TVB's "most chase-worthy drama in recent years." He applauded the drama's compelling story-telling and its well- directed fight choreography. Online critics praised the drama's humor, action- packed story and well-written characters but criticised the predictable plot and the overuse of slow motion shots during the fight scenes. Several critics noted the cultural elements of the drama, and interpreted them to be a social commentary on Hong Kong's current political situation. The last episode received mixed reviews. Lam Tung-yin of HK01 said the last episode was ridden with clichés, corny twists, and that the final villain was given an anticlimactic and lazy ending. ==Viewership ratings== The following is a table that includes a list of the total TVRs (rating points) based on television viewership. "Viewers in millions" refers to the number of people, derived from TVB Jade ratings, in Hong Kong who watched the episode live. # Timeslot (HKT) Air date(s) Episode(s) Avg. Peak HK Viewers (in millions) Ref. 1 Mon – Fri, 9:30 pm 1 – 5 August 2016 1 — 5 26.7 31 1.73 Sat, 9:30 pm 6 August 2016 6 — — Sun, 10:00 pm 7 August 2016 7 2 Mon – Fri, 9:30 pm 8 – 12 August 2016 8 — 12 27.5 31.3 1.78 Sat, 9:30 pm 13 August 2016 13 — — Sun, 10:00pm 14 August 2016 14 25 1.62 3 Mon – Fri, 9:30 pm 15 – 19 August 2016 15 — 19 27.5 -- 1.78 Sat, 9:30 pm 20 August 2016 20 19.8 1.28 Sun, 9:30 pm 21 August 2016 21 28.1 1.82 4 Mon – Fri, 9:30 pm 22 – 26 August 2016 22 — 26 30.5 35.2 1.97 Sat, 9:30 pm 27 August 2016 27 28.4 1.84 Sun, 9:30 pm 28 August 2016 28 32.9 2.13 Total average 27.2 / 30.7 35.2 1.76 / 1.99 *A According to Nielsen ratings, A Fist Within Four Walls averaged 27.2 TVRs per episode in live TV viewership. With online viewership included, the drama averaged 30.7 TVRs per episode. ==Future== The cast has expressed interest in returning for a film sequel, should there be one. Boon said doing a sequel "is possible", but it would happen only after he completes his priority projects. ==Accolades== Ceremony Category Recipients and nominees Result Note StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Drama A Fist Within Four Walls StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Actress Nancy Wu StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Actor Ruco Chan StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Actor Benjamin Yuen StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Supporting Actress Grace Wong StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Supporting Actress Yuen Qiu StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Supporting Actor Philip Ng StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Female TV Character Nancy Wu StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Female TV Character Grace Wong StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Male TV Character Ruco Chan StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Male TV Character Benjamin Yuen StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite On-Screen Couple Ruco Chan and Nancy Wu StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite On-Screen Couple Benjamin Yuen and Grace Wong StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Theme Song "Siege" StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 My Favourite TVB Theme Song "Never Know You Are the Best" StarHub TVB Awards StarHub TVB Awards 2016 Nominations. Retrieved September 10, 2016 Best New TVB Artist Moon Lau 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama A Fist Within Four Walls Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Actor Ruco Chan Top 5 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Actor Benjamin Yuen Top 5 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Actress Nancy Wu Top 5 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Supporting Actor Philip Ng Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Supporting Actor Carlo Ng 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Supporting Actress Grace Wong Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Supporting Actress Moon Lau Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Most Improved Actor Jonathan Cheung Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Most Improved Actress Moon Lau Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB On- Screen Couple Ruco Chan and Nancy Wu Top 3 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Characters Ruco Chan as Chor Au-kuen 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Characters Nancy Wu as Tiu Lan 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Characters Benjamin Yuen as Duen Ying- fung 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Characters Grace Wong as Fa Man 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Characters Philip Ng as Lung Shing-fu 2016 TVB Star Awards Malaysia My Favourite TVB Drama Theme Song "Never Know You Are the Best" 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Drama A Fist Within Four Walls 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Actor Ruco Chan Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Actor Benjamin Yuen Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Actress Nancy Wu Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Male Character Ruco Chan as Chor Au-kuen Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Male Character Benjamin Yuen as Duen Ying-fung Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Female Character Nancy Wu as Tiu Lan Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Female Character Grace Wong as Fa Man Top 5 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Female Character Yuen Qiu as Yuk Bo-fung 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Supporting Actor Philip Ng 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Supporting Actor Carlo Ng 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Supporting Actor Oscar Li 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Supporting Actor Jimmy Au 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Best Supporting Actress Grace Wong Top 3 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Improved Male Artiste Jonathan Cheung 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Improved Female Artiste Moon Lau 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Drama Theme Song "Siege" 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular Drama Theme Song "Never Know You Are the Best" Top 3 2016 TVB Anniversary Awards Most Popular On-Screen Partnership Ruco Chan and Benjamin Yuen 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Most Popular Television Drama A Fist Within Four Walls 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Most Popular Male TV Artiste Ruco Chan 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Most Popular Female TV Artiste Nancy Wu 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Rising Popularity Benjamin Yuen 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Most Popular On-Screen Couple Philip Ng and Moon Lau 2016 Yahoo! Asia Buzz Awards Most Popular Drama Duet "Never Know You Are the Best" ==References== ==External links== * * *A Fist Within Four Walls on Amazon Prime Video Category:TVB original programming Category:Hong Kong television series Category:Hong Kong action television series Category:2010s Hong Kong television series Category:2016 Hong Kong television series debuts Category:Martial arts television series Category:Television series set in the 1950s Category:Television series set in the 1960s Category:Triad (organized crime)
48516501	A Dog Named Gucci	A Dog Named Gucci is a 2015 documentary film by Gorman Bechard that chronicles the story of an Alabama puppy set on fire, and the man who came to his rescue. The film made its American festival debut in February 2015 at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival. ==Synopsis== Spring Hill College Professor Doug James rescues an abused puppy and sets out on a mission to change the laws in Alabama on domestic animal abuse. Teaming with local legislators, it took James six years to see the "Gucci Bill" finally passed into law.Dogster. September 18, 2013. Three other canine abuse cases feature: a rottweiler who was boarded in a kennel but starved to death, and two dogs who were burn victims, one of which was the first to test the new Gucci's Law. In Care2, Alicia Graef described the film, "It began back in 1994, when a 10-week-old puppy named Gucci was hung from a tree, beaten, doused in lighter fluid and set on fire by a group of men in Mobile, Alabama. College professor Doug James was nearby by pure chance and rushed to help. He would later become Gucci’s second owner and together the two would eventually bring about a historic change in Alabama’s animal cruelty laws through legislation honoring Gucci." ==Release== Film screenings include the following: *Missoula, Montana - Big Sky Documentary Film Festival, February 14, 2015 *Phoenix, Arizona - Phoenix Film Festival, March 27, 2015 *New Haven, Connecticut - New Haven Documentary Film Festival, June 7, 2015 *Birmingham, Alabama - Sidewalk Moving Picture Festival, August 30, 2015 *Mobile, Alabama - Crescent Theater, September 22, 2015 *Bay City, Michigan - Hell's Half Mile Film and Music Festival, September 27, 2015 *DVD release from MVD entertainment, April 19, 2016 *The film is available on digital streaming platforms iTunes, Amazon Prime, Google Play, and via pay-per-view on DirecTV. == Awards == On November 12, 2015, director Gorman Bechard was awarded the ASPCA Media Excellence Award for his work on A Dog Named Gucci.https://www.morningstar.com/news/pr-news- wire/PRNews_20151026DC38760/aspca-announces-2015-humane-award-winners.html == Music == The end credits song from the film, "One Voice" written by Ruth Moody, features the talents of Norah Jones, Aimee Mann, Susanna Hoffs, Lydia Loveless, Neko Case, Kathryn Calder, and Brian May. It was produced by Dean Falcone, who also wrote the film's score. One Voice was released on Record Store Day, April 16, 2016, with profits from the sale of the single going to benefit animal charities. == Critical response == Writing on The Movie Guys website, Ray Schillaci said, "Where many could have focused on the cruelty and the perpetrator, Bechard chooses to highlight the fight against such viciousness, the happiness and companionship that blossoms, and the bureaucratic struggles to achieve what is right. It’s a wonderful and beautiful testament to Gucci, his owner, and all other animals and the people that care for them." Joey Kennedy, in the Animal Advocates of Alabama website, said, "Perhaps what is so remarkable about the film is how well Bechard is able to convey Gucci's charming personality. Bechard never met the dog, yet viewers left the theater feeling as if they had known Gucci personally. It would have been easy for Bechard to slip into over-sentimentality, but he doesn't. The story itself, especially as told mostly by James, is powerful enough without gimmicks." Ralph Tribbey, in the DVD & Blu-Ray Release Report, called it "a heartfelt tale of love, kindness and a story of a man and his dog ... a man and his dog on a very special mission." Jonathan Tressler, in the News-Herald, called it, "shocking, yet inspirational." Amos Lassen called the film, "a positive and uplifting look at one victim who went on to become a hero. The story is one of triumph." Writing in Diversity Rules Magazine, Jim Koury called it, "timely and poignant". ==References== ==External links== * * * at "AL.com" * at One Green Planet * at "Washington Times" Category:American documentary films Category:2015 documentary films Category:Documentary films about dogs Category:Documentary films about animal rights Category:Films directed by Gorman Bechard Category:Films about animals Category:Animal rights mass media Category:Alabama law Category:Ohio law Category:Films set in Alabama Category:Documentary films about Alabama Category:2010s English- language films Category:2010s American films
48525221	A Dozen Summers	A Dozen Summers is a 2015 family comedy film. It was written and directed by Kenton Hall and stars Scarlet Hall, Hero Hall, Colin Baker, Ewen MacIntosh, Sarah Warren and Kenton Hall. It received a limited UK cinema release on 21 August 2015. ==Plot== Maisie and Daisy McCormack are two, ordinary twelve- year-old girls trying to make their way through the minefield of life in the 21st century. Which, as far as their concerned, is largely a case of trying to work out why grown-ups behave so oddly on such a regular basis. When they interrupt a children's adventure story in progress, by scaring off the Narrator, they hijack the film and proceed to tell the story of their own lives, through the lens of the movies they've seem. Jacqueline, their mother is a struggling model with an idiosyncratic parenting method. Henry, their father, a writer who has sacrificed more than they realise to give them a stable home life. Maisie and Daisy lead us through their day-to-day life -battling bullies Jennifer, Audrey and Beth and the pull of first love -Matty Archer, the school heartthrob for Maisie and, unbeknownst to Daisy, her best friend Samuel for her. They take us through bad dates with Jacqueline, home- life with Henry, school life (with added were-wolves and vampires), before finally being forced to take the first tentative steps into adulthood when Jacqueline finally settles down and they decide to set their father up with their teacher, Miss Walters. And they need to do it all before the story they interrupted re-asserts itself. It's a race against time -and Maisie and Daisy are learning it's not necessarily a race they can win. And, in the end, that might not be such a bad thing after all. ==Cast== * Scarlet Hall as Maisie * Hero Hall as Daisy * Colin Baker as The Narrator * Ewen MacIntosh as Gary * Sarah Warren as Jacqueline * Kenton Hall as Henry * Holly Jacobson as Jennifer * Quinton Nyrienda as Matty * David Knight as Samuel *Yasmin Allen as Beth ==Release== A Dozen Summers premiered in the US on 19 May 2015 at Phoenix Comicon. In the US, it was also an official selection of Mill Valley Film Festival as part of its Children's Film Fest and Mind the Gap strands. In its native UK, it received a limited theatrical release in the UK from 21 August 2015 via Ballpark Film Distributors. ==Awards== "A Dozen Summers" was nominated for or won several awards during its festival run, including nominations for "Best Feature Film for Children" at Fan Chile and Int. Children's TV Festival Dytiatko in the Ukraine, and wins for Best Screenplay (Kenton Hall) and Best Actress (joint - Scarlet Hall and Hero Hall) at Festival de Cine Fantastico de Torremolinos in Spain.http://www.torremolinos- fantastico.com/resultado-de-los-premios-de-los-largometrajes-2015/ ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2015 films Category:British comedy films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s British films
48558238	A Free People	A Free People () is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Martin Berger and starring Albert Florath and Ellen Plessow. It is now considered a lost film. It was one of two films made by Berger under commission from the SPD along with 1924's The Forge. Neither of them were commercial successes on release. The film's art direction was by Robert A. Dietrich. A servant leads a campaign against the justice of his employer, leading eventually to civil war and a general strike. ==Cast== In alphabetical order ==References== ==Bibliography== * * ==External links== * Category:1925 films Category:Films of the Weimar Republic Category:Films directed by Martin Berger Category:German silent feature films Category:1925 drama films Category:German drama films Category:German black-and-white films Category:Lost German films Category:Silent drama films Category:1920s German films
48585229	A Christmas Melody	A Christmas Melody, also known under its working title of Mistletoe & Melody, is a 2015 American Christmas television film directed by Mariah Carey, who co- stars with Lacey Chabert. It was filmed in Ohio during October 2015, and premiered on the Hallmark Channel on December 19, 2015. The film was viewed by 3.95 million people upon its debut. ==Plot== Widowed mother Kristin has recently moved back to her home town of Silver Falls, Ohio with her daughter Emily after her fashion business in Los Angeles folded. The process has been difficult for both of them, especially as the move brings Kristin face to face with Melissa, her former rival from high school and the current president of the local Parent-Teacher Association (PTA). However, things change when Emily finds a mentor in her music teacher Danny, Kristin's former classmate who was secretly attracted to her. ==Cast== * Mariah Carey as Melissa * Lacey Chabert as Kristin * Brennan Elliott as Danny * Fina Strazza as Emily * Kathy Najimy as Sarah Credits adapted from Hallmark Channel's official website. ==Production== In September 2015, the Greater Cincinnati & Northern Kentucky Film Commission stated that Carey would be filming in Cincinnati for an upcoming film, Mistletoe & Melody. Carey was confirmed to be serving as the film's director and as one of the film's stars, and Stella Bulochnikov, Jonathan Axelrod, Alan Ett, Eric Jarboe and Kevin Connor were named as the movie's executive producers. Lacey Chabert and Brennan Elliott were also later confirmed as actors for the film, which had been re-titled A Christmas Melody. Child actress Fina Strazza was brought on to play Chabert's daughter and to sing "Oh Santa!", which Carey re-wrote for the film. Filming began on October 6, 2015 in the Cincinnati area suburbs of Wyoming and Hyde Park it was expected to wrap on October 16, but did not finish until October 26. On November 17, 2015, the Hallmark Channel released a trailer for A Christmas Melody. Entertainment Tonight poked fun at the trailer, writing "Only time will tell how much holiday cheer can be stuffed into one movie, but if this trailer is any indication, A Christmas Melody will be pushing the boundaries." ==Release and reception== A Christmas Melody first aired on the Hallmark Channel on December 19, 2015, as part of the annual "Countdown to Christmas" holiday programming. It was seen by 3.95 million viewers upon release, more than any other show that day. VH1 wrote a mixed review for the film, stating "Sure, the film has an abrupt, saccharine ending, but that doesn't make the journey to it any less fun to watch. In terms of Mariah Carey shade, A Christmas Melody is Oscar-worthy. It's just the so-bad-it's-good trainwreck slosh you need to liven up your It's a Wonderful Life coma." The New York Times was also mixed in their opinion, writing "In telling the story of Kristen (Lacey Chabert), a widowed single mom whose Los Angeles fashion boutique goes bust, the movie is as blandly watchable as everything else in Hallmark's Christmas lineup, which includes titles like I'm Not Ready for Christmas, Merry Matrimony and 'Tis the Season for Love. But Ms. Carey's participation makes the generic badness of A Christmas Melody a touch better than its neighbors. She treats herself like a woman who's come to family entertainment from Venus." NPR praised the film as a "delightfully bonkers addition to the firmament of holiday madness". ==References== ==External links== * * * * Category:2015 television films Category:2015 films Category:American Christmas films Category:Hallmark Channel original films Category:2010s Christmas films Category:Mariah Carey
48633641	A Gentleman of the Ring (1926 film)	A Gentleman of the Ring (French:Chouchou poids plume) is a 1926 French silent sports film directed by Gaston Ravel and starring André Roanne, Olga Day and André Lefaur.Powrie & Rebillard p.33 It was remade as a sound film in 1932. It was released in Britain in 1927 by Stoll Pictures. The film's sets were designed by Tony Lekain. ==Cast== * André Roanne as Chouchou * Olga Day as Diana Benson * André Lefaur as Le comte Brodelet de Surville * Chriss Lee as Jim * Juanita de Frézia as La comtesse de Surville * Simone Mareuil as Moineau * Reine Derns as La femme du manager * Pionnier as Battling Tatave * Frank Hall as Le sparring-partner * Raymond Lauzerte as Une compagne de fête * Frédérique Soule as Une compagne de fête * Pierrette Raff as Une compagne de fête * Nicolas Redelsperger as Une compagne de fête * Bernhard as Le manager ==References== ==Bibliography== * Powrie, Phil & Rebillard, Éric. Pierre Batcheff and stardom in 1920s French cinema. Edinburgh University Press, 2009 ==External links== * Category:1926 films Category:Films directed by Gaston Ravel Category:French silent films Category:1920s sports films Category:French sports films Category:French black-and-white films Category:1920s French films Category:1920s French-language films Category:Silent sports films
48633898	A Gentleman of the Ring (1932 film)	A Gentleman of the Ring (French: Chouchou poids plume) is a 1932 French sports film directed by Robert Bibal and starring Geo Laby, Vanda Gréville and Gaston Dubosc.Crisp p.393 It is a remake of the 1926 silent film A Gentleman of the Ring. ==Cast== * Arcy-Hennery * Colette Broïdo as Moineau * Jean-Henri Chambois * Pierre Darteuil as M. Lormeau * Marthe Derminy as Mme Lormeau * Gaston Dubosc as Le comte Brodelet de Surville * Vanda Gréville as Diana * Maurice Holtzer * Geo Laby as Chouchou * Louis Lorsy * Germaine Noizet * André Numès Fils as Philibert * Georges Papin * Jacques Pills * Charles Redgie as Whipple * Georges Tabet * Jacques Tarride as Le marquis * Paul Villé == References == == Bibliography == * Crisp, Colin. Genre, Myth and Convention in the French Cinema, 1929-1939. Indiana University Press, 2002. == External links == * Category:1932 films Category:French sports films Category:1930s sports films Category:1930s French-language films Category:Films directed by Robert Bibal Category:French black-and-white films Category:Remakes of French films Category:Sound film remakes of silent films Category:1930s French films
48703638	A Gert Lush Christmas	A Gert Lush Christmas is a British one-off comedy-drama film first broadcast on BBC Two on 26 December 2015. It was co-written by Russell Howard and Steve Williams, and features Howard in his acting debut. The programme also stars Kerry Howard (Russell's real life sister), Neil Morrissey, Sophie Thompson, Hannah Britland and Greg Davies. ==Plot== The story centres around everyman Dan Colman (Russell Howard) who lives in London with his girlfriend Lisa (Hannah Britland). For Christmas, Dan takes Lisa to his home-town of Bamford in Bristol to meet his caring but dysfunctional family which includes his fitness-obsessed father Dave (Neil Morrissey), well-meaning but eccentric mother Sue (Sophie Thompson), charm offensive brother Jake (Dougie McMeekin), hairdresser sister Julie (Kerry Howard) and party animal Uncle Tony (Greg Davies). What begins as over enthusiasm to welcome Lisa into the family ends with Lisa running away and making Dan regret having introduced her to them in the first place. The family then pull together in their own unstable but unique way to amend the mistakes that have been made. ==Cast== * Russell Howard as Dan Colman ** Nathan Stone as young Dan * Hannah Britland as Lisa, Dan's girlfriend * Neil Morrissey as Dave, Dan's father * Sophie Thompson as Sue, Dan's mother * Kerry Howard as Julie, Dan's sister * Felix Hayes as Trevor, Julie's husband * Samuel Woodward as Bert, Julie and Trevor's son * Dougie McMeekin as Jake, Dan's brother * Maggie O'Neill as Aunty Jade * Greg Davies as Uncle Tony * Rosie Ede as Aunty Claire * Pamela Lyne as Nan, Dan's paternal grandmother * Sam Pamphillon as Mark, Dan's oldest friend * Paddy Navin as Deirdre * Maggie Daniels as Cath * Larrington Walker as Roger, Dan and Lisa's neighbour * Alun Cochrane as the barman * Rose Johnson as the ticket woman * Gabriel Vick as Wiggy * Jayde Adams as Kelly * Keith Chegwin as himself * Pat Sharp as himself ==Production== A Gert Lush Christmas was confirmed in April 2015 and filming took place in May 2015. ==References== ==External links== * A Gert Lush Christmas on British Comedy Guide * * A Gert Lush Christmas on BBC iPlayer Category:Christmas television specials Category:2015 television films Category:2015 films Category:2015 in British television Category:BBC television comedy Category:BBC television dramas Category:Films set in the 2010s Category:Films set in Bristol Category:Films set in London
48807300	A Korean in Paris	A Korean in Paris is a film directed by Jeon Soo-il. ==Plot== Korean newlyweds are on their honeymoon in Paris. Strolling in the Pigalle area, the young bride sees in a red dress in a store window and she enters the shop. Her husband goes to buy cigarettes while he waits for her. When the man comes back his wife has disappeared. Not speaking a word of French he desperately searches for her. A search that will turn into a free fall into a world ruled by illegality, prostitution, drugs, a universe with its own codes and punishments. ==Cast== * Cho Jae-hyun as Sang-ho *Pang Ji-in as Yeon-Wha *Mi Kwan Lock as Chang ==Release and reception== The film premiered at the 20th Busan International Film Festival in October 2015. The film had its North American premiere in January 2016 at the Palm Springs Film Festival. Variety magazine described the film as “a steadily absorbing portrait of a man trawling the ugly lower depths of one of the world’s most beautiful cities.” ==References== ==External links== * Category:2015 films Category:South Korean drama films Category:2010s South Korean films
48856563	A Glass of Water (1979 film)	A Glass of Water () is a 1979 Soviet historical melodramatic comedy television film directed by Yuli Karasik and based on the 1840 play of the same title by Eugène Scribe, set in the court of Queen Anne of Great Britain at the start of the 18th century. The play was previously adapted for film in Russia in 1957. ==Plot== Britain is in the midst of a long and ruinous war with France, the War of the Spanish Succession and its queen is completely under the control of her old friend Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, leader of the Whig party - she wants to prolong the war to her own benefit and that of her husband John Churchill, Duke of Marlborough, commander-in-chief of the British forces. Against them are the Tories, led by Lord Bolingbroke, who believe that the war has to stop and peace talks begin. Anne supports the Whigs because she and her court are both completely subordinated to Sarah's will. It seems nothing can shake Sarah's power and so Bolingbroke has no chance of achieving peace negotiations. However, he befriends Arthur Masham, an impoverished nobleman and officer in the royal guards who is in love with Abigail, forced to serve in a jewellery shop. Abigail and Arthur are about to get married, but this hits an obstacle when Arthur kills a cousin of Lord Bolingbroke in a duel. Anne's jeweller visits Abigail secretly and offers her a position at court, but - afraid of Sarah's intrigues and unwilling to admit their love to the queen - Arthur and Abigail decide not to lose this opportunity. However, Bolingbroke still has power over the couple, since he knows that Arthur's secret patron - gaining him promotion and sending him gifts - is none other than Sarah herself. Bolingbroke resorts to blackmail, returning to Sarah a letter from her to Masham (which she does not want her jealous husband to see) and in exchange gaining Abigail a position at court. This finally gains him a supporter close to Anne. Cut off from real life by Sarah, Anne is bored of spending her days caught up in court ritual. She revels in novels and dreams about falling in love. She admits to her new confidante Abigail that she has fallen in love with a young member of her guards - none other than Arthur, whose engagement to Abigail is still a secret from all but Bolingbroke. Confused, Abigail rushes to him for help and Bolingbroke realises that he finally has a way of breaking Sarah's influence over Anne. All he now needs is a way to act on it and soon he finds it, when Sarah interrupts a rendezvous between Anne and Masham. Offering Anne a glass of water, he brings about Sarah's fall. As a result, Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough, removed from the court, Lord Bolingbroke in the new government became Minister of foreign affairs, begin peace negotiations, which ended with the signing of the Treaty of Utrecht, Abigail married Arthur Masham and becomes the favourite of the Queen, and only Queen Anne remains in a sad loneliness, deprived of the object of her love. ==Cast== *Kirill Lavrov - Henry St John, 1st Viscount Bolingbroke *Alla Demidova - Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough *Natalia Belokhvostikova - Anne, Queen of Great Britain *Svetlana Smirnova - Abigail Hill *Pēteris Gaudiņš - Arthur Masham *Igor Dmitriev - Jean-Baptiste Colbert, Marquess of Torcy *Juris Strenga - Count Stauenbauer, Austrian Ambassador *Alexander Vokach - William Cavendish, 2nd Duke of Devonshire *Boris Blank - artist *George Vsevolodov - master of ceremonies *Nikolai Yerofeyev - Oliver *Svetlana Danilchenko *Larisa Zhukovskaya *Konstantin Chistyakov *Anna Frolovtseva *Nina Veselovskaya ==References== ==External links== * Category:1979 films Category:1970s historical comedy-drama films Category:Soviet television films Category:1970s Russian-language films Category:Films set in the 1710s Category:Cultural depictions of Anne, Queen of Great Britain Category:Cultural depictions of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough Category:Mosfilm films Category:Soviet films based on plays Category:Soviet historical comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by Youli Karassik Category:Films based on works by Eugène Scribe Category:Melodrama films
4887308	A Fork in the Tale	A Fork in the Tale is a full motion video (FMV) comedic adventure game developed by Any River Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts on February 26, 1997. The game draws a heavy influence from Don Bluth's Dragon's Lair games and features Bay Area actors Dale Morris, Fred Smith, Michael Ronin Orlando, Eric Carlson, Kaliopi Eleni, Jett, Pamela Herron and Jody Mortara among the fifty plus roles, as well as voice-overs by comedian Rob Schneider. Because of the large number of video sequences, the game was originally released on 5 CDs. == Plot and gameplay == The protagonist finds himself in the land of Eseveron. The player must click on certain icons at specific times to proceed, all in an effort to figure out what is happening and how to escape. ==Development== The game was in development for three and a half years with a budget of $2 million. ==Reception== PC Gamer US called A Fork in the Tale "a dismal flop, uniformly panned by critics and avoided by gamers, who bought less than 1,000 copies." A Next Generation critic complained about the small amount of interactivity and said Rob Schneider's vocal delivery is mediocre. Charles Ardai of Computer Gaming World also criticized the limited interactivity and Schneider's performance, but focused most of his commentary on the repetitiveness of the video clips. He summarized, "At its best, it's reasonably funny; at its worst, the comedy is abysmal. But since the gameplay involves going through the same FMV scenes over and over and over, even the best comedy in the world couldn't stave off a creeping sense that you have been damned to some sort of Sisyphean penance." Game Revolution thought the game was short and easy, yet fun. In contrast, Rebecca Anderson of GameSpot considered the plot interesting but the gameplay frustratingly difficult, saying that the game demands the player to make decisions on a split second's notice, and sends the player back too far after failures. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1997 video games Category:Windows games Category:Windows-only games Category:Interactive movie video games Category:Adventure games Category:Full motion video based games Category:Video games developed in the United States Category:Single-player video games
48909091	A Gift of Love	A Gift of Love is a 2015 compilation album of ballads recorded by Bette Midler from 1976 to 2014. It was released on December 4, 2015 and reached number 46 on the charts in Australia and number 25 in the UK. ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart (2016) Peak position == Certifications and sales == ==References== Category:Bette Midler compilation albums Category:2015 greatest hits albums Category:Rhino Entertainment compilation albums
48920674	A House Built on Water	A House Built on Water () is a 2001 Iranian film written, produced and directed by Bahman Farman-Ara. Starring Reza Kianian, Hedieh Tehrani, Ezzatolah Entezami, Jamshid Mashayekhi, Bita Farrahi and Behnaz Jafari. ==Plot== At the beginning of the film, the main character injures a young angel with his car in an accident on a road. The viewers understand from the start that the film deals with surrealism and mystic work. However, there is not much of this; more than 90% of the film reflects only touchable realities. The protagonist, Dr. Sepid-bakht (literary: blank-future, good-fortune, or good-end), a middle-aged gynaecologist, has good, no-good and bad attributes – as do most humans. Sepid-bakht, having made many mistakes in the past and being lonely now, accidentally becomes acquainted with an eight-year-old boy who knows the entire text of the Quran by heart and suddenly goes in coma. This is perhaps why the first name of the film was Coma and why Farman-Ara described the future film as "the history of society in collective coma" in an interview. The doctor, who now experiences "free fall in the life", for instance, caused infertility to his secretary-love in the past, who no way pardons him because of what he did to her when she was even younger. Among the social problems the film exhibits are narcotism of youngsters, prostitution and AIDS. Somewhere in the film, the doctor responds to someone who just called him his last hope with "(So) We are in a shit world, when I am someone's last hope." Western film critics already compared some socio- satirical attributes of the films of Farman-Ara with those of Woody Allen. The doctor still sympathizes with his ex-beloved, who now is a head-nurse and must undergo chemotherapy because of a severe disease; with a young girl, who recently understood that she suffers from AIDS; and with his son, who suffers from addiction to narcotic drugs. This film of Farman-Ara was well received by the judges of the International Fajr Film-Festival of Tehran (2002) and won many prizes, i.e. as the best Iranian film and because of the best actor (Reza Kianian). ==Cast== * Dr. Sepid-bakht: Reza Kianian * Doctor's father: Ezzat- ol-lah Entezami * Doctor's son, Mani: Mehdi Safavi * Doctor's secretary: Hedye Tehrani *Doctor Latifi: Jamshid Mashayekhi * Head-nurse: Bita Farrahi * Girl with AIDS: Behnaz Jafari *Mrs Mohammadi: Roya Nonahali ==References== This material first appeared in Esperanto-language article in Iranian Esperantist, n-ro 11, year 4, Spring 2005, 56 p., p. 4-8.: Like a small kiss by Shima Bastani. Here are its sources: BAHARLU, Abbas. (Hundred faces of Iranian movie), Tehran: Naŝre ghatre, 2002, 208 p. * http://www.golshirifoundation.org * http://www.nyu.edu/greyart/exhibits/iran * https://web.archive.org/web/20080502230729/http://www.citypaper.net/movies/s/smellofcamphor.shtml * http://www.reel.com/reel.asp?node=features/interviews/farmanara * https://web.archive.org/web/20160112071833/http://www.filmref.com/directors/dirpages/farmanara.html ==External links== * Category:Iranian drama films Category:Crystal Simorgh for Best Film winners
49099482	A Brighter Summer Day (album)	A Brighter Summer Day is the debut studio album by Burning Star Core, released in February 2002 by Thin Wrist Recordings. After almost ten years of numerous private recordings and self-released recordings, the album marked the first time the project received wide distribution, with five hundred pressings in vinyl. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Adapted from the A Brighter Summer Day liner notes. * C. Spencer Yeh – violin (A), electronics (A), computer (B), mixing (A), editing (A) ;Production and additional personnel * John Golden – mastering * Peter Kolovos – design * Michael Manning – design * Chris Rosing – electronics (A), recording (A), photography * The Wyvern – painting ==Release history== Region Date Label Format Catalog United States 2002 Thin Wrist LP TW-B == References == == External links == * A Brighter Summer Day at Discogs (list of releases) Category:2002 debut albums Category:Burning Star Core albums Category:Instrumental albums
49131220	A Girl Called Rosemary	A Girl Called Rosemary () is a 1996 German biography film directed by Bernd Eichinger. It is a remake of the 1958 film Rosemary. == Cast == == External links == * Category:1996 television films Category:1996 films Category:German television films Category:Films set in the 1950s Category:Prostitution in television Category:German films based on actual events Category:Television remakes of films Category:German-language television shows Category:Works about prostitution in Germany Category:1990s German-language films Category:Films set in West Germany Category:Sat.1 original programming
49136027	A Fine Frenzy Live at the House of Blues Chicago	A Fine Frenzy Live at the House of Blues Chicago is a live album by A Fine Frenzy (the musical moniker for Alison Sudol), released on November 23, 2009 by Virgin Records. ==Background and composition== The album features ten songs, nine of which are from her 2007 debut album One Cell in the Sea: "Come On, Come Out", "You Picked Me", "Rangers", "Near to You", "The Minnow and the Trout", "Ashes and Wine", "Last of Days", "Borrowed Time", and "Almost Lover". The album also includes a cover version of "Fever" (Eddie Cooley, Otis Blackwell), which was originally recorded by American singer Little Willie John in 1956. ==Track listing== Track listing adapted from iTunes. ==References== Category:2009 live albums Category:A Fine Frenzy albums Category:Albums recorded at the House of Blues Category:Virgin Records live albums
49154282	A Bag of Gold	A Bag of Gold is a live album by pianist Les McCann recorded in 1960-64 and released on the Pacific Jazz label.Pacific Jazz Records Catalog: 10100/20100 series accessed January 12, 2016Freed., R. Les McCann Discography accessed January 12, 2016 ==Reception== Allmusic gives the album 3 stars. == Track listing == All compositions by Les McCann # "The Shampoo" - 8:41 # "(Shades of) Spanish Onions" - 2:55 # "The Shout" - 5:35 # "Gone On and Get That Church" - 3:40 # "Fish This Week" - 2:40 # "Kathleen's Theme" - 3:31 # "The Truth" - 6:45 # "We'll See Yaw'll After While Ya Heah" - 3:48 == Personnel == *Les McCann - piano *Paul Chambers (tracks 5 & 6), Victor Gaskin (tracks 1-3), Herbie Lewis (tracks 4, 7 & 8) - bass *Paul Humphrey (tracks 1-3, 5 & 6), Ron Jefferson (tracks 4, 7 & 8) - drums == References == Category:Les McCann live albums Category:1966 live albums Category:Pacific Jazz Records live albums
4937072	A Guide to the Star Wars Universe	A Guide to the Star Wars Universe is a reference book based on the Star Wars franchise published by Del Rey. The first edition was published in 1984 and written by Raymond L. Velasco. It is 215 pages long and contains roughly 951 entries. A second edition was published in 1994, written by Bill Slavicsek. It is 495 pages long, and the publisher's summary claims that it contains 50% new material. Slavicsek later also produced a third edition in 2000, which is 596 pages long and incorporates elements from Episode I: The Phantom Menace (1999). The books alphabetically detail fictional people, places, things, and events in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. Most of the entries are quite short, with the longest being just over two pages. Each entry is divided into "G-canon" and "Expanded Universe" information, with media sources cited. The second edition also included a brief timeline, and a comparison of sublight speeds in starfighters. Stephen J. Sansweet used the second edition as a primary reference for his Star Wars Encyclopedia (1998). ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== * Category:Books about Star Wars Category:1984 books Category:Del Rey books Category:Encyclopedias of fictional worlds
49370732	A Girl Like Her (2015 film)	A Girl Like Her is an American found footage drama film directed by Amy S. Weber. The film stars Lexi Ainsworth as Jessica Burns, a 15-year-old bullied high school student who attempts suicide, and Hunter King as Avery Keller, the fellow student who relentlessly bullies Jessica over six months. The movie was originally titled The Bully Chronicles but the title was later changed. == Plot == High school sophomore Jessica Burns (Lexi Ainsworth) attempts suicide by taking a handful of pills from her mother's medicine cabinet. She is rushed to a hospital after her mother finds her unconscious. The school Jessica attends has won a chance for a documentary for being the only public school to place as one of the top ten schools across the country. During filming, the cameras catch students grieving over Jessica. The crew starts interviewing kids about Jessica, and they all claim to have noticed subtle tension between her and her former best friend, Avery Keller (Hunter King). According to Jessica's best friend Brian (Jimmy Bennett), the two fell out after Jessica prevented Avery from cheating off of her test in class, and Avery had been relentlessly bullying Jessica since. Avery casually denies this, claiming they simply drifted apart after transitioning from middle to high school. In response to the rumors, Avery agrees to record footage of her daily life to demonstrate the pressures of being popular. Though Avery herself is desensitized to it, her footage demonstrates that she comes from a dysfunctional family, and that her peers tend to feel intimidated by her teasing and controlling nature (for example, she and her clique restrict other girls from using a specific restroom while they apply their makeup). Brian eventually confesses to the camera crew that six months ago, he and Jessica agreed to document Avery's harassment of her with a hidden camera disguised as a brooch. He invites them into his home to show them the footage, which shows Avery constantly physically and verbally antagonizing Jessica, including floods of social media messages encouraging Jessica to kill herself. The footage also shows Jessica alluding to having suicidal thoughts and Brian trying to convince her to show the footage to school faculty, to which Jessica frantically refused out of embarrassment and fear of Avery. While visiting Jessica in the hospital, Brian confesses to her mother that he had been withholding the footage - though upset, she reassures Brian that he should not blame himself for what happened to Jessica. The students grow further convinced that the rumors of Avery's bullying are true, causing the members of Avery's clique to turn on her and present a statement to the principal. This prompts a conference between Avery, her parents, and the principal, during which Avery's parents staunchly defend her before she storms out in frustration. She later posts an insensitive video ranting about Jessica's suicide attempt and vehemently insisting on her own innocence. The camera crew approaches Avery, advising her to remove the video and telling her they have footage of her bullying Jessica. She agrees to meet them at her house that night to watch the footage. Later that night at the hospital, Jessica's parents are visiting her when she loses her pulse. Her parents and the cameras are kicked out of the ICU, as the doctors attempt to revive Jessica. The doctors are able to regain Jessica's pulse, but say that she will eventually succumb to total organ failure if she doesn't wake from the coma soon. At her house, Avery watches the footage and begins to cry hysterically, admitting that she regrets her actions while the filmmaker consoles her. Avery posts another video, this time tearfully apologizing and stating that no person deserves to be treated the way she treated Jessica. She ends the video with, "My name is Avery Keller, and I'm a bully." The movie ends with a cut to Jessica's face as she opens her eyes. == Cast == * Hunter King as Avery Keller * Lexi Ainsworth as Jessica Burns * Jimmy Bennett as Brian Slater * Amy S. Weber as Filmmaker/Amy Gallagher * Stephanie Cotton as Margarete Burns * Mark Boyd as Gerald Burns * Christie Engle-McGuckin as Kassie Keller * Jon Martin as David Keller * Michael Maurice as Principle Richard Harris * Paul Lang as Dr. Patrick Webber, M.D. == Reception == Justin Chang of Variety gave A Girl Like Her a mixed review, lauding the film as a "well-acted, well-meaning cautionary tale", but also criticizing it as "less and less convincing the more blatantly it strives for authenticity". Sheri Linden of The Hollywood Reporter lauded the film's acting, noting that the "two young female leads, exceptionally well cast, deliver strong performances", but felt "the drama lapses into speechifying". Rotten Tomatoes gave the film an overall "fresh" rating of 65% based on 23 reviews. == References == == External links == * * * * * Category:2015 films Category:2015 drama films Category:2010s American films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s teen drama films Category:American high school films Category:American teen drama films Category:Films about social media Category:Films about school bullying Category:Films about suicide Category:Found footage films
4940046	A Hit Is a Hit	"A Hit Is a Hit" is the 10th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos. Written by Joe Bosso and Frank Renzulli, and directed by Matthew Penn, it originally aired on March 14, 1999. ==Starring== * James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano * Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi * Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano * Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti * Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano, Jr. * * Vincent Pastore as Pussy Bonpensiero * Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante * Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri * Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano, Jr. * * Jamie-Lynn Sigler as Meadow Soprano * Nancy Marchand as Livia Soprano * * = credit only ===Guest starring=== * Jerry Adler as Hesh Rabkin * Drea de Matteo as Adriana * Bokeem Woodbine as Massive Genius ====Also guest starring==== ==Synopsis== Paulie, Chris, and Pussy rob and kill a Colombian drug dealer. They gain a huge amount of cash; as Tony says, a once-in-a-lifetime score. Chris and Adriana get to know Massive Genius, a wealthy gangster rapper, and Chris arranges a sit-down for him with Hesh Rabkin. Massive says he is acting on behalf of the mother of a deceased black singer whose royalties Hesh stole, and now claims $400,000. Hesh refuses, and later threatens a counterclaim: there is an unauthorized sampling by Massive's record label of a song that Hesh's label still controls. Massive says he will see Hesh in court. When the conversation is over, Tony and his crew jeer at a modern-day gangster who works within the legal system. Adriana proposes that she should pursue a career as a music producer and that Massive can help. Chris, flush with money, agrees to finance a demo for the band Visiting Day, whose singer, Richie Santini, is Adriana's ex-boyfriend. The demo recording progresses slowly and Chris smashes Richie's guitar over his back in frustration. Chris is told by Hesh that the band is not good, and realizes that Massive is helping them only because of his sexual interest in Adriana. When he tells her this, she accuses him of trying to hold her back and storms out. Carmela wonders whether she and the children will be alright if anything happens to Tony, but he reassures her. A friend introduces her to the stock market and gives her a tip; she buys and profits. Tony would like to mix with meddigans, white Americans not of Italian descent. After some hesitation, he accepts an invitation from his neighbor and family physician Dr. Cusamano to play a round of golf at a country club along with friends of his. Cusamano's friends pester and embarrass Tony with questions about organized crime and mafia movies. As he tells Dr. Melfi, he felt he was being "used for somebody else's amusement, like a dancing bear." ==First appearances== *Jean Cusamano: Wife of Dr. Cusamano and friend of the Soprano family ==Deceased== *Gallegos a.k.a. "Juan Valdez": Shot in the forehead by Paulie Gualtieri ==Title reference== * The title refers to when Hesh Rabkin mentions to Christopher that he knows a hit song when he hears one, saying "a hit is a hit" and that the band Visiting Day's song is not a hit, and they are not particularly talented. * Giving the title a double meaning, a hit is also the slang term for a mafia-ordered murder; the episode opens with a hit on a Colombian drug dealer, and while hosting Tony in a golf game at his country club, Bruce Cusamano refers to mobster Carmine Galante's assassination as a "fuckin' beautiful hit". ==Other cultural references== * One of Massive's entourage refers to Chris as Donnie Brasco. * Massive references The Godfather, The Godfather Part II, as well as The Godfather Part III, the latter of which he labels as "misunderstood." * While golfing with Bruce Cusamano and his friends, they ask him if he had ever met John Gotti; Tony tells a made-up story about Gotti's fondness for a certain kind of ice cream truck, which enthralls them. They also mention Umberto's Clam House in New York City, and ask Tony if he has ever been to Mount Plymouth, Florida where Al Capone used to go to play golf. Bruce later tells Tony that the golf club's membership books are closed, seemingly drawing a parallel to the memberships in becoming a made man. * At a dinner party, Bruce Cusamano refers to the scene where Joe Pesci's character puts someone's head in a vise in Casino. * An envious Christopher complains to Adriana that Massive Genius lives in The Hamptons where he is visited by Alec Baldwin and Whitney Houston. * Christopher names what he considers to be "great Italian singers: "Frankie Valli, Dion, and The Rascals. Adriana then turns up the Bon Jovi song "You Give Love a Bad Name" as "paisan pride." * When Adriana asks what "experts" Christopher discussed the Visiting Day demo with, he names Hesh and also Silvio, who he says used to own "rock clubs in Asbury". Steven Van Zandt is a Springsteen side-man and a key figure in the Asbury music scene. * Hesh refers to Jimi Hendrix and the Cafe Wha? when referring to musical talent. * Chris and Adriana go to see Rent on Broadway. ==Music== * The song played when Tony, Christopher, and Paulie celebrate their big score at a hotel with their Cumares is "A Dreamer's Holiday" by Ray Anthony. * The song played when Christopher and Adriana come to a party at Massive Genius' mansion is "DJ Keep Playin' (Get Your Music On)" by Yvette Michele. * Earlier in the episode, while Christopher and Adriana talk about their tastes in music, she plays "You Give Love a Bad Name" by Bon Jovi. * When Christopher and Adriana hatch their music management plan over dinner, the background song is "Decara a la pared" from Lhasa De Sela's album "La Llorona". * The song played when Christopher and Adriana take Massive Genius to a club to watch Visiting Day perform. Also later, when Visiting Day try to cut their record; and later still, when Adriana plays the song for Massive Genius, and Christopher plays the song for Hesh is "Erase Myself" by the fictional band Visiting Day. * The song played when Hesh looks over his mementos from his days running a record label is "Fools Follow Angels" by Little Jimmy Willis. * The background song when Adriana is modeling her black dress for Christopher near the end of the episode is "Why" by Annie Lennox. * The song played in one of the closing scenes, which Hesh hears and then says to Christopher, "Now that is a hit", is "Nobody Loves Me But You" by Dori Hartley. * The songs performed by the episode's fictional band, Visiting Day/Defiler, were created and performed bespoke by Bear Iyer and Nick Fowler. "Defile You" is played over the end credits. == Filming locations == Listed in order of first appearance: * North Caldwell, New Jersey * Soundview, Bronx * Livingston, New Jersey * Jersey City, New Jersey * Glen Head, New York ==References== ==External links== *"A Hit Is a Hit" at HBO * Category:The Sopranos (season 1) episodes Category:1999 American television episodes
49404827	A History of Christianity	A History of Christianity may refer to: * A History of Christianity (Johnson book), 1976 book by the English journalist and popular historian Paul Johnson * A History of Christianity (TV series), 2009 BBC television series presented by the English historian Diarmaid MacCulloch * A History of Christianity: The First Three Thousand Years, 2009 book by the English historian Diarmaid MacCulloch ==See also== * A Short History of Christianity, 2012 book by the Australian historian Geoffrey Blainey * Christianity: A History, 2009 television series produced by Pioneer Productions
49586749	A Chain of Voices	A Chain of Voices is a 1982 novel by Afrikaans writer André Brink. The novel is a historical novel which recounts the roots of the apartheid system during the early part of the 19th century. The novel focuses on a slave revolt center in the country north-east of Cape Town. The novel uses a coalition of voices, representing the whole range of social groups in South Africa. == Reception == The New York Times reviewer Julian Moynahan called the novel the best novel he had read since Robert Stone's A Flag for Sunrise and described it as "massive and ambitious, and surpassing Brink's previous apartheid novel A Dry White Season. == References == == Further reading == * * * Category:1982 novels Category:Fiction set in the 1830s Category:Afrikaans literature Category:20th- century South African novels Category:Historical novels Category:Novels set in South Africa Category:Novels by André Brink Category:Faber and Faber books
49688230	A Dead Man Feels No Cold	"A Dead Man Feels No Cold" is the thirteenth episode of the second season, and 35th episode overall from the FOX series Gotham. It was written by new series writer Seth Boston and directed by Eagle Egilsson and first broadcast on March 7, 2016, on FOX. In the episode, Gordon and Bullock continue their quest to stop Victor Fries, now dubbed "Mr. Freeze" by the media, with the help of his wife, Nora. The episode was watched by 4.54 million viewers, and received critical acclaim, with critics praising Mazouz's and Darrow's performances and Strange's intentions. ==Plot== Gordon (Ben McKenzie) leads a raid into Ace Chemicals, the company that Victor Fries (Nathan Darrow) uses for his weapon supplies. Inside the factory, they discover multiple frozen cops, a guard was kidnapped by Fries and a canister is missing with a message reading "free my wife", carved in a wall. At Wayne Manor, Bruce (David Mazouz) is visited by Lee (Morena Baccarin) where she tries to help him with his trauma after his assassination attempt, but Bruce reveals he felt alive and plans on continuing to try to find his parents' murderer. In the GCPD, Barnes (Michael Chiklis) learns that Nora's (Kristen Hager) health has worsened. Realizing hospital general population would be dangerous for civilians as Fries would try to rescue her, he decides to transfer her to the Arkham Asylum hospital and use her as bait. Dr. Strange (B. D. Wong) is notified of this by Ethel Peabody (Tonya Pinkins) and decides to use this as a way to recruit Fries for Indian Hill. Fries finds out about Nora's transfer and while discussing it with the bound and gagged kidnapped guard, he throws a device in the ocean, causing it to freeze. Meanwhile, Cobblepot (Robin Lord Taylor) is used for experimentation in Arkham Asylum and then wakes to find himself playing a recreational game with the other inmates. The GCPD arrive and close down Arkham to stop Fries from entering. Gordon runs into Cobblepot as he's dragged away and ignores his pleas for help, which makes Cobblepot shout Gordon was the one who killed Galavan, something that is witnessed by Strange. Lee takes Nora to the hospital ward, where she discovers a comatose Barbara (Erin Richards). In Wayne Manor, Bruce is confronted by Alfred (Sean Pertwee) for his methods and is finally given the information of the man who killed his parents: Patrick "Matches" Malone. He plans on finding him and killing him, but Alfred makes him promise that, come the time, he'll let Alfred kill him. Selina (Camren Bicondova) later visits him and Bruce wants her to get him a gun to kill Malone. Fries sends a man with frozen limbs to drive a bus into Arkham so he can break through a wall in a new suit while the police are distracted. Gordon, Bullock (Donal Logue) and the Strike Force charge through the hallways, but Strange closes multiple gates, but Gordon slips through in enough time to reach the hospital ward. Fries encounters the electroshock chair room and Strange talks to him through a monitor, stating that he will give him a car so he and Nora can escape if Fries leaves a cryogenic cartridge. He leaves behind a cartridge and takes the keys to the car. Fries arrives at the hospital ward and makes Lee assist Nora and leave with him, before trapping Gordon in a closet. He then escapes with them to his home. In the basement, Nora urges Lee to realize Fries is not a bad man and feeling guilt for not stopping him earlier, Nora, unknown to Lee, changes the cartridge from Fries' gun to one of the earlier, faulty cartridges. Fries then finally freezes Nora, but the process unfortunately tears her apart. Discovering that Nora changed the cartridge, he lets Lee go and decides to commit suicide by freezing himself to death. His body is transferred to Arkham Asylum, and although reported as "dead", he wakes up in a room with bright white hair and blue eyes. Strange visits him, stating the room is designed to accommodate his severe hypothermia so he can survive, otherwise he would die as any temperature above freezing will cause him to overheat. Strange guesses that Fries absorbed multiple doses of formula as he worked on them, and his cells underwent a change when he tried to kill himself. He also tells him they designed a new suit for him and that they would begin work later. Strange later passes a room filled with multiple corpses in tanks, including Theo Galavan, Jerome Valeska, and Fish Mooney. ==Production== The episode was written by series' writers assistant Seth Boston, his first writing credit for a series. Boston is the fourth alumnus from creator Bruno Heller show The Mentalist in having worked on the show, as Ken Woodruff, Jordan Harper and Rebecca Perry Cutter have all written for The Mentalist with Boston working as a production assistant in the show. ==Reception== ===Viewers=== The episode was watched by 4.54 million viewers with a 1.5/5 share among adults aged 18 to 49. This was an increase in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by 4.12 million viewers. With this ratings, Gotham was the most- watched program of the day in FOX, beating out Lucifer, the 17th most watched of the week in the 18-49 demographics and the 45th most watched overall in the week. With Live+7 DVR viewing factored in, the episode had an overall rating of 6.77 million viewers, and a 2.5 in the 18–49 demographic. ===Critical reviews=== "Wrath of the Villains: A Dead Man Feels No Cold" received critical acclaim from critics. The episode received a rating of 90% with an average score of 8.2 out of 10 on the review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with the consensus stating: "'Dead Men Feel No Cold' proves a satisfying, if melancholy, outing for Mr. Freeze as Gotham continues its descent into mayhem at the hands of Hugo Strange". Matt Fowler of IGN gave the episode a "good" 7.4 out of 10 and wrote in his verdict, "'A Dead Man Feels No Cold' gave us a very Gotham-style origin story for Mr. Freeze. A rampage, a manhunt, a (somewhat) sympathetic villain, and an accident. Or, in this case, an accidental non-suicide with terrible side effects. At least Hugo Strange was around to sabotage the cops, spy on Gordon, and welcome Freeze to his underground lair of monsters." The A.V. Club's Kyle Fowle gave the episode a "B−" grade and wrote, "'Wrath Of The Villains: A Dead Man Feels No Cold' is really just an extension of last week's winter premiere, as if Gotham filmed a two-hour premiere and then chopped it into two equal halves. What that means is that this episode would almost work better if it were paired with last week's because it manages to flesh out a few more plot details that were suspiciously absent in the premiere. 'A Dead Man Feels No Cold' takes the time to check in on Bruce Wayne and his search for his parents' killer while also completing its version of the Mr. Freeze origin story." Maryann Sleasman of TV.com praised the episode stating, "'A Dead Man Feels No Cold' was dark — one of the darkest episodes Gotham has aired. Even the comedic moments with the great Oswald Cobblepot reduced to playing children's games with his wacky roomies were sufficiently depraved enough to silence the laughter. 'I'm not a goose, I'm a penguin,' was not the righteous indignation of one of Gothams most brilliant underworld princes, but the disjointed ramblings of a man who knew that somewhere inside, he's something special, dangerous, and powerful; but can't figure out how or why he needed to articulate it." Andy Behbakht of TV Overmind gave the series a star rating of 4 out of 5, writing "Overall, despite some pacing issues that can get problematic later in the season, 'A Dead Man Feels No Cold' was a strong episode, that again, made me forgot about Leslie, Bullock and Jim at many points throughout it. I did appreciate the side-plot with Bruce as he continues to develop into the man we know he will become one day." Robert Yaniz, Jr., writing for ScreenRant also praised the episode: "In this respect, this second episode of 2016 certainly marked the end of a particularly chilling (pun intended) two-parter and revealed the most blatant hint yet at what viewers can expect in the coming weeks." Keertana Sastry of EW reacted positive about Darrow, stating: "The rise of Mr. Freeze is officially upon us. Yes, it's true that we have already been introduced to Victor Fries, but if the events of 'A Dead Man Feels No Cold' teach us anything, it's that Fries' 'death' means that Mr. Freeze has truly been born." The Baltimore Sun wrote positively about the episode, stating: "Usually 'Gotham' focuses on the troubles from the hero's or the villain's perspective. But in 'A Dead Man Feels No Cold,' it took a break from the usual guts and gore to humanize the usually good guys and not-always bad guys. To do so, the show turned to the supporting ladies and showed how the double lives the men lead can devastate and alienate their significant others. It was surprising and much-welcomed change." Lisa Babick from TV Fanatic highlighted David Mazouz's performance in the episode, stating "Bruce took one huge step forward in his journey to become Batman." ==References== == External links == * Category:Gotham (season 2) episodes Category:2016 American television episodes
49830856	A Difficult Young Man	A Difficult Young Man (1955) is a novel by Australian writer Martin Boyd. It is the second in the author's "Langton Tetralogy" (which comprises The Cardboard Crown, A Difficult Young Man, Outbreak of Love and When Blackbirds Sing) and it won the ALS Gold Medal in 1957.Austlit - A Difficult Young Man by Martin Boyd ==Plot summary== The novel continues the story of the Langtons, an Anglo-Australian family based in Melbourne, who have never truly come to terms with their place in Australian society. Like the first novel in the series, this book is narrated by Guy Langton and concerns the younger son Dominic, a man who ideals and actions are considered both eccentric and unacceptable to the Melbourne society of the time. ==Reviews== Gordon Stewart in The Argus noted that the author was now in fine company. "Few authors can cope successfully with the family saga type of sage. Miles Franklin and Henry Handel Richardson stand out among the Australians who have made the attempt. To their names can now be added that of Martin Boyd, for the sensitive appeal and literary skill of his latest novel "A Difficult Young Man." He then goes on "The entire work has an air of reality and authenticity which one associates usually only with autobiography.""Local Boy Has Skill" The Argus, 30 July 1955, p44 Dorothy Green, writing in 1965 after the book had been re- issued, stated: "This book is a sharp and timely reminder that other values than commercial success once counted for something in our urban environment, values in no way inferior to, and in some respects superior to those be longing to the European culture with which our own is compared and contrasted. There are unmistakable signs that in this comparatively late novel, Boyd, after sitting agonised for so long on the fence that divides his two worlds has put his foot down on the southern side of it.""Sounding Boyd's distinctive style" by Dorothy Green, The Canberra Times, 13 November 1965, p13 == Awards and nominations == * 1957 – winner ALS Gold Medal == See also == * Merric Boyd - the article intimates that Merric Boyd might have been a model for the novel's lead character ==References== Category:1955 Australian novels Category:Novels by Martin Boyd Category:ALS Gold Medal winning works Category:Novels set in Melbourne Category:Cresset Press books
49843080	A Hero in His Slippers	A Hero in His Slippers () is a 1958 Greek comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios. == Cast == * Vasilis Logothetidis - General Labros Dekavallas * Ilya Livykou - Popi Dekavalla * Nitsa Tsaganea - Eirini Dekavala * - Julia Dekavalla * Lavrentis Dianellos - Apostolos Dekavallas * Byron Pallis - Kostas Stoupatis * Vangelis Protopapas - Sotiris Liveriadis Onaxios * Giorgos Gavriilidis - Angelos Stamoulis == References == == External links == * Category:1958 comedy films Category:Greek comedy films Category:1950s Greek- language films
49903502	A Girl on the Shore	is a Japanese manga written and illustrated by Inio Asano. It is about the two junior high school students who enter into a casual sex relationship. The manga was serialized in Ohta Publishing's Manga Erotics F from 2009 to 2013 and is licensed in North America by Vertical. == Plot == After Masaki, an upperclassman, forces Koume Sato to give him fellatio on their first date, she uses Keisuke Isobe as a rebound and asks him to take her virginity. The two enter into a casual sex relationship, and although Isobe liked Koume in the seventh grade, she does not reciprocate feelings for him. Since Isobe's parents aren't home often, Koume spends time at his house reading manga, listening to music, and sexually experimenting with Isobe. Haunted by his brother's suicide, Isobe also continues his brother's anime blog. When Koume receives a camera as a present, Isobe gives her an extra SD card he found, on which she discovers pictures of a girl on the shore and later deletes them from his computer out of jealousy. This causes Isobe to ignore her and Koume realizes she likes him. However, he breaks up with her out of boredom. Shota Kashima—the school's top baseball player and Koume's childhood friend—confronts Isobe after rumors spread of their relationship. Isobe provokes Kashima, and when Kashima rushes him, they fall over a bannister. Kashima injures his leg, forcing him to be unable to compete in a prefectural tournament. Koume hangs out with Masaki and his friends, but leaves after he tries to get her to smoke cannabis and force her to kiss him. Koume visits Isobe at his house, they have sex, and he tells her of his intention to commit suicide. Koume writes a letter for him and buys a copy of Happy End's album containing the song "Gather the Wind" (which she had heard at his house), planning to give them to him at their school festival. Isobe attacks Masaki and his friend, calling the police on them so they can find the illegal cannabis in their bags. On the day of their school festival—Isobe's birthday as well as the day his brother committed suicide—Koume requests "Gather The Wind" to be played, but finds that Isobe hasn't been to school in three days. Koume desperately searches for Isobe during a storm, but doesn't find him at home, only a sticky note saying "sorry". When she sees a cheerful Isobe a week later, he tells her that he met the girl in the pictures and got her email address, aiming to get into her high school. Koume confesses her feelings to him and asks him out, but he declines. In high school, Koume obtains a boyfriend, whom she kisses. On her way home, she meets Kashima, who reveals that he still has feelings for her. On the shore, she exclaims that she found what she was looking for: "something bigger than everything else, the sea!" == Production == When Asano started out in the manga industry, he saw sexuality as normal part of life so he used it to portray reality in his work. He felt that he created A Girl on the Shore at the right time, because he later found himself in an unfavorable environment in Japan and with manga readers not expecting sexual scenes in mangas which are not explicitly labled as erotic or pornographic. Shaenon K. Garrity of Anime News Network felt that the showing of pubic hair in the manga was "a sign of the changing times in Japanese publishing" because they used to be taboo. == Release == The manga was launched in Ohta Publishing's magazine Manga Erotics F and was serialized from July 7, 2009, in the 58th issue to January 7, 2013, in the 77th issue. Ohta Publishing collected the 20 chapters into two volumes on March 17, 2011, and February 21, 2013. At Genericon 2015, Vertical announced that it had licensed the manga, publishing it as a single-volume omnibus edition on January 19, 2016. Due to its sexually explicit nature, the omnibus was sold shrink- wrapped. The manga has also been released in France by Éditions IMHO, in Germany by Tokyopop Germany, in Spain by Milky Way Ediciones, in Italy by Panini Comics, in Taiwan by Taiwan Tohan, and in Argentina by Editorial Ivrea. == Film adaptation == A film adaptation, directed by Atsushi Ueda, was released on August 20, 2021. The film stars Ruka Ishikawa as Koume Sato, and Yuzu Aoki as Keisuke Isobe. == Reception == Rebecca Silverman of Anime News Network found the manga's depiction of adolescent relationships to be realistic and Asano's treatment of the characters respectful, saying that it "doesn't shy away from its emotional issues", concluding that the manga lingers in the mind after finishing it. Gabe Peralta of The Fandom Post said that the manga "is an emotional ride about emotionally broken children" which is accompanied by "beautiful visuals". Amanda Vail of Otaku USA praised Asano's art, calling it gorgeous and detailed, and said that its contrast with Koume and Keisuke's relationship forms a "poignant, almost painful ennui". Ash Brown of Manga Bookshelf called the manga's depictions of teenage sex "frank", but "integral to the story" because they "carr[y] meaning beyond titillation." He also called the manga "brutally unsettling and hard-hitting", concluding that its themes of loneliness and isolation are emphasized by Asano's "detailed backgrounds, dramatic perspectives, layout and use of space". Shea Hennum of The A.V. Club complimented the writing in its "ability to obtusely render complex relationships," saying that rather than descending into nihilism, Asano maintains a balance of melancholy and idealism. Hennum concludes that the manga is "buoyed by Asano's insightful observation of human emotion and his confrontational and beautiful rendering of it." Sean Rogers of The Globe and Mail compared the manga to the films Fat Girl and Kids in how it "deals explicitly and honestly with its young characters' sexuality", calling Asano's approach "raw and unblinking, but never salacious". He also called the protagonists' relationship "intense" and complimented the art's "expressive force". Elliot Page of the UK Anime Network podcast called the manga haunting and dense, saying that the manga "goes places with such care and respect and intellect into the characters and their plight". He also called the art gorgeous and complimented the backgrounds, comparing the way the manga creates a "pocket dimension" to The Flowers of Evil. The manga was part of the at the 2016 Angoulême International Comics Festival. == References == == External links == * * Category:Coming-of-age anime and manga Category:Seinen manga Category:Ohta Publishing manga Category:Vertical (publisher) titles Category:2013 comics endings Category:Inio Asano
5003381	A Dying Light in Corduba	A Dying Light in Corduba is a 1996 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the eighth book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series. Set in Rome and Imperial Spain during the spring and summer of AD 73, the novel stars Marcus Didius Falco, informer and imperial agent. The title refers to the setting of much of the action, Corduba, as well as to the olive oil which features heavily in the plot, one use of which is for lamp oil. == Plot summary == The Society of Olive Oil Producers of Baetica is throwing a big dinner party in Rome, trying to drum up business for their product. Falco is invited at the request of Claudius Laeta, Vespasian’s top clerk. The food, the garum and the dancing girl make a big impression on Falco. When two guests at a dinner are assaulted, one fatally, Falco realizes that being at the dinner was just the start of another job. The surviving victim, Anacrites, is Falco's rival and Vespasian's Chief Spy, a significant position in Vespasian's empire, challenged as it was by constant conspiracies. Falco is asked to investigate the attack on Anacrites and its possible connection to an attempt to corner the market on Spanish olive oil. Trying to keep Anacrites safe, he moves him to the one place where no one will look, and if they do, they will regret it; his mother’s house. Soon, Falco is on his way to Hispania to track down some of the guests and that memorable dancer. Laeta hints that someone is looking to corner the market on Hispania’s olive oil production. Suspicion immediately falls on Quinctius Attractus, the host of the festivities that fatal evening. This is an assignment Falco does not take solo; he is bringing his very pregnant companion, Helena Justina. Helena's father Camillus Verus happens to own a small estate in Baetica, and her brother Aelianus has just returned for serving there, so he and Helena have a perfect excuse to show up. And Helena has made it very clear that Falco will be there for the birth of his child. Helena becomes friendly with the daughters of two local magnates, Claudia Rufina and Aelia Annaea. Falco gets to know some of the sons, including Claudia’s brother Constans. Also appearing is Attractus’ son Quadratus, the new quaestor of Baetica. That one item alone keeps Falco on guard. While concluding the interviews of the dinner guests, Falco finally catches up with the dancer, Selia, who promptly tries to kill him with the help of her band. Before she strikes the final blow, she reveals that Laeta sent her too, not to find the killer, but to stop anyone following, a classic double cross. Now Falco knows all, or nearly all. Falco suspects something, but the obvious suspect is his guest and claiming an injury. Yet Claudia is convinced it was not an accident, and she asks Falco to investigate. Seeing the site of the death, he is convinced someone else was there when Constans died. Now it is just one more thing he has to prove. Now the chase is on. Falco goes to the Quinctius estate, and finds Selia dead and Quadratus gone. But this death is much more elegant, and soon another Dancer appears; Perella. She is working for the Chief Spy Anacrites, who was still alive when she saw him last, now with the Praetorian guard, but still being nursed by Falco’s mother. Still not trusting Perella, Falco decides to share his information with her, and they piece together the real plot. Attractus and Quadratus are part of the plan because Laeta needs some legitimacy, and the Quinctii have enough influence to make it at least appear to be on the up and up. Falco also learns that Quadratus was indeed with Constans when he died. It is now time to act. Helena is about to burst, but Falco is still fearful of local medical experts, and so he sends her east by land while he rides to catch Quadratus before he kills someone else, and then hopes to catch up. It’s a girl. Falco makes it before the birth, Helena survives, and only breaks a couple of his fingers. ==Characters in A Dying Light in Corduba== ===Romans=== * A. Camillus Aelianus - Eldest son of Decimus Camillus Verus * Anacrites - Imperial spy * Calisthenus - Architect * Cornelius - Ex-quaestor of Baetica * Decimus Camillus Verus - Senator and father of Helena Justina * Gn. Drusillus Placidus - Procurator * Helena Justina - Daughter of the Senator Decimus Camillus Verus and wife of Falco * Helva - Usher * Julia Justa - Wife of Camillus Verus and mother of Helena * Junilla Tacita - Mother of Falco * L. Petronius Longus - Enquiry chief in the XIII region and friend of Falco * Marcus Didius Falco - Informer and Imperial Agent from the Aventine. * Momus - Slave overseer * Perella - Dancer * Q. Camillus Justinus - Youngest son of Decimus Camillus Verus * Quinctius Attractus - Senator * Stertius - Transport manager * T. Claudius Laeta - Imperial clerk * T. Quinctius Quadratus - Son of Quinctius Attractus * Titus Caesar - Eldest son of the Emperor * Valentinus - Imperial agent * Vespasian - Emperor ===Baeticans=== * Aelia Annaea - Widow * Annaeus Maximus - Landowner * Claudia Adorata - Wife of Licinius Rufius * Claudia Rufina - Granddaughter of Licinius Rufius * Cyzacus Junior - Poet * Cyzacus Senior - Bargee * Gorax - Retired gladiator * Licinius Rufius - Landowner * Marius Optatus - Tenant * Marmarides - Driver * Norbanus - Negotiator * Rufius Constans - Grandson of Licinius Rufius * Selia - Dancer ==Allusions/references to actual history, geography and current science== * Set in Rome and Baetica in AD 73, during the reign of Emperor Vespasian. ==Release details== *1996, UK, Century (), Pub date 6 June 1996, hardback (First edition) *1998, USA, Mysterious Press (), Pub date ? January 1998, hardback * 2003, UK, Arrow, Paperback () (as part of single-volume omnibus edition, Falco on the Loose, with Last Act in Palmyra and Time to Depart) ==References== ==External links== *lindseydavis.co.uk/ Author's Official Website Category:1996 British novels Category:Marcus Didius Falco novels Category:Historical novels Category:Novels set in Spain Category:Córdoba, Spain Category:73 Category:Century (imprint) books
50242777	A Couple of Poor, Polish-Speaking Romanians	A Couple of Poor, Polish-Speaking Romanians () is a 2006 play by Dorota Masłowska. Its first staging was at TR Warszawa, and an English translation by Lisa Goldman and Paul Sirett was first performed in English at the Soho Theatre in London on February 28, 2008. In 2011, a translation of the play by Benjamin Paloff was performed in New York. == Playwright == Masłowska is a novelist, playwright, and musician, who attended Gdańsk University and Warsaw University at Warsaw, where she majored in cultural studies and started writing poems and novels. She became known for her style of writing with Snow White and Russian Red (2002) which used vulgar language and touched on controversial topics. Her next novel Queen’s Spew came out in 2006, later in 2006, came her first plays, A Couple of Poor, Polish-Speaking Romanians (2006) and No Matter How Hard We Tried (2008). After writing these plays, Masłowska released another novel Honey, I Killed Our Cats and, in 2014 released a music album called , The Society Is Mean. == Background == When first staged A Couple or Poor, Polish Speaking Romanians wasn't poorly received and unsuccessful. After being translated, the play was produced several times and was understood better. About A Couple or Poor, Polish Speaking Romanians, Masłowska said: > "It is a short play, filled with humor and a whole lot of gags. Two really > nice protagonists, acting on mysterious impulses, set off on an > unintentionally frantic quest through Poland. It is a quest full of comic > adventures, which over time turn out to be no joke, quite the opposite in > fact, utterly no joke, indeed, quite tragic. The audience has to consider > the fact that the play is not as lighthearted as it seems; its characters do > not represent positive social or psychological models, and this journey > doesn't have to be a life quest at all. Quite the contrary." == Past productions == *2006 Teatr Rozmaitości w Warszawie (staged) *2008 Soho Theatre, London *2010 Trap Door Theatre, Chicago *2010 Theatre on the Balustrade (Divadlo na Zabradli), Prague *2011 Abrons Arts Center, New York City (translated by Benjamin Paloff) == Characters and Soho cast == *Parcha: Andrew Tiernan *Dzina: Andrea Riseborough *Driver & Mr Wiesiek: Howard Ward *Bartender: Valerie Lilley *Woman Driver Ishia Bennison *Old Man: John Rogan *Policeman *Halina *Waiter *Man 1, 2, 3 *Woman 1, 2 *Crew/ Passengers == Plot == Parcha tries to convince a driver to give him and his pregnant wife Dzina a lift to Wroclaw. The driver refuses to take them anywhere as they are both drunk and mentally unsound. Parcha pulls out a penknife and forces the driver to let them ride. Parcha and Dzina begin to smoke in the car and make fun of the driver. It is revealed that they are not married and Dzina does not know who the father of her child really is. The driver sees a policeman, pulls over, and asks the policeman to arrest him. Parcha tells the policeman that the driver is his father and isn't quite sure where he is going, but they are looking for the coal barge called The Ibuprofen. Parcha pays for the ride with five thousand dollars and an MP3 player. Parcha and Dzina leave the cab and walk on the side of the road, having nonsensical conversations. They find their way to a bar called The Welcome Grill. Dzina comes into the bar exclaiming that she needs boiling water because she's having her baby. Parcha says she is not really pregnant, but has a pillow under her shirt. Dzina and Parcha fight about Dzina abandoning her son somewhere. Parcha demands to use the phone, but has no money. A man named Wiesiek offers to help them. Parcha and Dzina continue to argue about their son. They walk to a field, where they find a drunk woman drinking outside her car. Parcha and Dzina jump onto the hood of the women's car. They learn that the woman is from Warsaw and she agrees to drive them. The woman gets angry because Parcha doesn't have a license with him. They have more absurd conversations, similar to those from earlier. The woman gets a call from her husband, who is worried she is going to crash. They end up crashing into a wild boar, injuring the woman. Parcha and Dzina steal her watch and go through her bag, but only find contraceptive pills. They set off on foot again until they come to a house. They knock on the door and an old man lets them in. Parcha asks to use the man's phone, but he has no phone. Dzina asks if they can stay the night and the old man agrees. In the bedroom of the house, Parcha continues to wonder where he left his phone and Dzina talks about making money from prostitution. Parcha tells her she need to find someone who will treat her right and asks if she has been tested for HIV. She asks if he can lend her five hundred dollars. Dzina gets up to use the bathroom and hangs herself. Parcha finds her still alive. She continues to talk and Parcha leaves. Dzina cuts herself down and runs after him. They board the coal barge Ibuprofen. Parcha orders dinner and goes to the bathroom to wash his hands, where he finds Dzina hanging. This time, her suicide attempt was successful. ==Critical response== The 2008 performance at the Soho Theatre, London, received varying reviews, and a suggestion that the play may have been better understood in Poland. A 2011 performance at the Abrons Arts Center in New York, with translation by Benjamin Paloff, was given two out of five stars by Time Out. The New York Times and Time Out both asserted that aspects of the play may have meant more to a Polish audience. ==Publication== * ==References== Category:Polish plays Category:2006 plays
50445074	A Day with the Devil	A Day with the Devil (Spanish: Un día con el Diablo) is a 1945 Mexican comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and starring Cantinflas, Andrés Soler and Miguel Arenas.Stavans, p. 91. == Cast == * Cantinflas as Juan Pérez * Andrés Soler as El Diablo / El policía * Miguel Arenas * Susana Cora * Lauro Benítez * Roberto Corell * Manuel Dondé * Pedro Elviro * Juan García * Rafael Icardo * Pepe Nava * Óscar Pulido * José Eduardo Pérez * Salvador Quiroz * Humberto Rodríguez * Ángel T. Sala * Estanislao Schillinsky * Hernán Vera as Nerón * Roberto Cañedo == References == == Bibliography == * Stavans, Ilan. The Riddle of Cantinflas: Essays on Hispanic Popular Culture, Revised and Expanded Edition. UNM Press, 2012. == External links == * Category:1945 films Category:1945 comedy films Category:Mexican comedy films Category:1940s Spanish-language films Category:Films directed by Miguel M. Delgado Category:Mexican black-and-white films Category:1940s Mexican films Category:Spanish-language comedy films
50463316	A Girl from Chicago	A Girl from Chicago (Spanish: Una chica de Chicago) is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by Manuel Mur Oti and starring Ana Bertha Lepe, Javier Armet and Rafael Durán.Labanyi & Pavlović p.236 ==synopsis== A Spanish girl educated in Chicago comes back to her little town and starts a feminist movement. The male hillbillies are confused and scared, so they beg help to a lawyer, the mayor's son. ==Cast== * Ana Bertha Lepe * Javier Armet * Rafael Durán * Roberto Rey * José María Lado * Ángel Ter * Porfiria Sanchíz * Joaquín Roa * Tony Soler * Manuel Bermúdez 'Boliche' * Luana Alcañiz * Manuel Requena * Lola Alba * Pilar Gómez Ferrer * Julia Pachelo * Ángel Calero * Josefina Bejarano * Ramón Giner * Félix Briones * Fernando San Clemente * Pilar Sanclemente * Marisa Prado * José Marco Davó == References == == Bibliography == * Labanyi, Jo & Pavlović, Tatjana. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. John Wiley & Sons, 2012. == External links == * Category:1960 comedy films Category:Spanish comedy films Category:1960 films Category:1960s Spanish-language films Category:Films directed by Manuel Mur Oti Category:1960s Spanish films
504808	A Case of Identity	{{Infobox short story | name = A Case of Identity | image = Strand1891-V2_0247_(cropped).png | caption = Holmes welcoming Miss Mary, 1891 illustration by Sidney Paget | title_orig = | translator = | author = Arthur Conan Doyle | country = United Kingdom | language = English | series = The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes | genre = Detective fiction short stories | published_in = Strand Magazine | publication_type = | publisher = | media_type = | pub_date = September 1891 | english_pub_date = | preceded_by = The Red- Headed League | followed_by = The Boscombe Valley Mystery |wikisource = A Case of Identity }} "A Case of Identity" is one of the 56 short Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and is the third story in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. It first appeared in The Strand Magazine in September 1891. ==Plot summary== The story revolves around the case of Miss Mary Sutherland, a woman with a substantial income from the interest on a fund set up for her. She is engaged to a quiet Londoner who has recently disappeared. Sherlock Holmes' detective powers are barely challenged as this turns out to be quite an elementary case for him, much as it puzzles Watson. The fiancé, Hosmer Angel, is a peculiar character, rather quiet, and rather secretive about his life. Miss Sutherland only knows that he works in an office in Leadenhall Street, but nothing more specific than that. All his letters to her are typewritten, even the signature, and he insists that she write back to him through the local Post Office. The climax of the sad liaison comes when Mr. Angel abandons Miss Sutherland at the altar on their wedding day. Holmes, noting all these things, Hosmer Angel's description, and the fact that he only seems to meet with Miss Sutherland while her disapproving youngish stepfather, James Windibank, is out of the country on business, reaches a conclusion quite quickly. A typewritten letter confirms his belief beyond doubt. Only one person could have gained by this: Mr. James Windibank. Since the death of Mary Sutherland's mother he's been the trustee of Mary's inheritage, and will continue to be able to finance his lifestyle, but only until she decides to leave home. Holmes deduces "Angel" had "disappeared" by simply going out the other side of a four-wheeler cab. After solving the mystery, Holmes chooses not to tell his client the solution, since "If I tell her she will not believe me. You may remember the old Persian saying, 'There is danger for him who taketh the tiger cub, and danger also for whoso snatches a delusion from a woman.' There is as much sense in Hafiz as in Horace, and as much knowledge of the world." Holmes had earlier advised his client to forget "Mr. Angel", but Miss Sutherland refused to take Holmes' advice and vowed to remain faithful to "Angel" until he reappears – for at least ten years. Holmes predicts Windibank will continue a career in crime and end up on the gallows. ==Publication history== "A Case of Identity" was first published in the UK in The Strand Magazine in September 1891, and in the United States in the US edition of the Strand in October 1891.Smith (2014), p. 45. The story was published with seven illustrations by Sidney Paget in The Strand Magazine.Cawthorne (2011), p. 58. It was included in the short story collection The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, which was published in October 1892.Cawthorne (2011), p. 54. ==Adaptations== ===Film and television=== This story was the basis for the third Holmes adventure (released in 1921) in the silent Stoll film series starring Eille Norwood. In 2001, this was the basis for the last episode of the animated television series Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century. In 2014, it is seen in "The Empty Hearse", from the BBC television series Sherlock, as one of the cases Sherlock works on with Molly Hooper assisting him. Mary Sutherland was portrayed by Elizabeth Coyle. Molly Hooper was portrayed by Louise Brealey. In the fourth episode of the 2014 Japanese puppetry television series Sherlock Holmes, Mary Sutherland is a pupil of Beeton School. She is in love with the senior Hosmer Angel who suddenly disappears in a cave at the back of the school. Holmes, a pupil who lives in room 221B of Baker Dormitory, suspects that Angel and Windibank, one of the childhood friends of Sutherland, are the same person and he and Watson find out that there is no pupil called Hosmer Angel in the school. Holmes appreciates Watson for consoling the broken-hearted Sutherland. Watson tells Holmes, who criticises novels as in the original story, that he is wrong to do so because various things can be learned from novels including how to understand the female mind.Shinjiro Okazaki and Kenichi Fujita (ed.), "シャーロックホームズ冒険ファンブック Shārokku Hōmuzu Boken Fan Bukku", Tokyo: Shogakukan, 2014, pp.40–42, 78–79. (Guidebook to the show) ===Radio=== Edith Meiser adapted the story as an episode of the radio series The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, which aired on 5 May 1932, starring Richard Gordon as Sherlock Holmes and Leigh Lovell as Dr. Watson.Dickerson (2019), p. 42. Another episode adapted from the story aired on 21 April 1935 (with Louis Hector as Holmes and Lovell as Watson).Dickerson (2019), p. 64. Edith Meiser also adapted the story for the radio series The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes with Basil Rathbone as Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Watson. The episode aired on 30 November 1941.Dickerson (2019), p. 96. Another adaptation of the story aired in the same series on 30 May 1948 (with John Stanley as Holmes and Alfred Shirley as Watson).Dickerson (2019), p. 255. John Gielgud played Sherlock Holmes and Ralph Richardson played Dr. Watson in a radio adaptation that aired on the BBC Light Programme on 2 November 1954. It was broadcast on NBC radio on 23 January 1955.Dickerson (2019), p. 284. A radio adaptation aired in 1969, as part of the 1952–1969 BBC radio series starring Carleton Hobbs as Holmes and Norman Shelley as Watson. It was adapted by Michael Hardwick. The story was adapted in 1990 by Peter Mackie as an episode of the 1989–1998 BBC radio series, starring Clive Merrison as Holmes and Michael Williams as Watson, and featuring Susannah Corbett as Mary Sutherland. A 2014 episode of the radio series The Classic Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was adapted from the story, with John Patrick Lowrie as Holmes and Lawrence Albert as Watson. ===Other media=== Colin Dexter, known for writing the Inspector Morse novels, wrote a short story based on this called "A Case of Mis-Identity", in which Holmes's brother Mycroft is involved in the case's deduction; in this story, Holmes's theory about the 'Hosmer Angel' character is the same, while Mycroft deduces that 'Hosmer Angel' is a fiction created by the mother and daughter to eliminate the step-father, only for Watson to reveal that 'Hosmer Angel' is actually a real person who was attacked and robbed on the way to his wedding, hospitalized, and eventually treated by Watson, who used his own detective skills to verify the man's identity.Colin Dexter, Morse's Greatest Mystery and Other Stories, Chicago: Ballantine Books, 1996, pp.168–169. The story was adapted as the beginning of the third case in the 2016 Frogwares video game Sherlock Holmes: The Devil's Daughter. Watson is not present when Mary Sutherland arrives and Sherlock is accompanied by Orson Wilde, an American actor training to play him. The player can come up with different conclusions to the case and also make a choice concerning telling her the results of his deduction. Keith R. A. Decandido's short story, "Identity: An Adventure of Shirley Holmes and Jack Watson" updates the story to modern-day Manhattan. Here, the explanation is changed from nearsightedness to prosopagnosia, or face blindness. ==References== ;Notes ;Sources * * * ==External links== * * * * Category:Sherlock Holmes short stories by Arthur Conan Doyle Category:Fiction set in 1887 Category:1891 short stories Category:Works originally published in The Strand Magazine Category:Short stories adapted into films
50527552	A Daughter Just Like You	A Daughter Just Like You () is a 2015 South Korean television series starring Lee Soo-kyung, Kang Kyung-joon, Kim Hye-ok and Kil Yong-woo. It aired on MBC on Mondays to Fridays at 20:55 for 120 episodes beginning May 18, 2015. == Plot == Hong Ae-Ja (Kim Hye-Ok) works as a host at a home shopping channel. She has three accomplished daughters: Ji-Sung (Woo Hee-Jin), In-Sung (Lee Soo- Kyung) and Hee-Sung (Jung Hye-Seong). Hong Ae-Ja's family interconnects with So Pan-Seok's (Jung Bo-Suk) family and Heo Eun-Sook's (Park Hae-Mi) as in- laws. == Cast == ===Hong Ae-ja's family=== *Kim Hye-ok as Hong Ae-ja *Kil Yong-woo as Ma Jung-ki (Ae-ja's husband) *Woo Hee-jin as Ma Ji-sung (Ae-ja's oldest daughter) **Kim Hye-yoon as young Ma Ji-sung (Ep. 1) *Lee Soo-kyung as Ma In-sung (Ae-ja's second daughter) *Jung Hye-sung as Ma Hee-sung (Ae-ja's youngest daughter) ===So Pan-suk's family=== *Jeong Bo-seok as So Pan-suk *Kang Kyung-joon as So Jung Geun (Pan-suk's eldest son) **Lee Gun-ha as young Jung Geun *Jung Woo-shik as So Seung Geun (Pan-suk's second son) *Jo Woo-ri as So Jung Yi (Pan-suk's youngest daughter) ===Huh Eun-sook's family=== *Park Hae-mi as Huh Eun-sook (Ji-sung's mother-in-law) *Lee Byung-joon as Baek Min- suk (Ji-sung's father-in-law) *Lee Ji-hoon as Baek Woo-jae (Ji-sung's husband) * Yoon Jong-hoon as Bae Sun Jae ===Others=== *Jun Won-joo as Mal Nyun (Jung- ki's mother) *Kang Sung-min as Kang Hyun Woo *Go Yun-ah as Baek Mi Na (Ji-sung & Woo-jae's daughter) *Han Seung-hyun as Sung Chan *Joey Albright as Dave *Choi Min *Han Yeo-wool *Lee Chang *Kim Seo-kyung *Ahn Byung-kyung *Seo Kwang- jae * Choi Jung-won as Ahn Jin Bong ==References== ==External links== * Category:2015 South Korean television series debuts Category:2015 South Korean television series endings Category:Korean-language television shows Category:MBC TV television dramas
50567457	A Boat Load of Home Folk	A Boat Load of Home Folk (1968) is a novel by Australian author Thea Astley. == Plot summary == The novel follows a group of passengers on a cruise ship docked at a Pacific Island as a hurricane approaches. ==Critical reception== In The Canberra Times Liam Mason noted that the reader was able to sympathise with the novel's characters: "There is also an almost depressing realism in Miss Astley's resolutions of her characters' crises: the failure of a friend, the failure of a marriage, the failure of a priest, the failure (at the most trivial level) of a womaniser in a would-be seduction. For there is not necessarily any solution. Nor need there be a new start after the ritual of death and disaster.""Under the Surface of a Hot Summer" By Liam Mason, The Canberra Times, 7 September 1968, p14 Michael Wilding, writing in Southerly found a lot to like about the book, but also had some reservations: "The precision of the writing, the spareness and clarity, are immediately appealing. But as the novel progresses the lack of any substantial content lets the writing drift towards the somewhat consciously fine, and the religious references—the recurrent calvaries, crucifixions and expiations, become obtrusive.""Writer and Reader" by Michael Wilding, Southerly, Vol 30, No 1, 1970, pp72-73 ==See also== * 1968 in literature ==References== Category:Novels by Thea Astley Category:1968 Australian novels Category:Angus & Robertson books
50699812	A Chinese–English Dictionary	{{Infobox book | name = A Chinese–English Dictionary | image = Giles 1892 i.jpg | caption = Title page from Giles' A Chinese–English Dictionary (1892: i). The epigraph quotes Longinus, "Failure in a great attempt is at least a noble error". | author = Herbert Allen Giles | country = China | language = Chinese, English | publisher = Kelly and Walsh | pub_date = 1892 | media_type = Print | pages = xlvi, 1415 | oclc = 272554592 }} A Chinese–English Dictionary (1892), compiled by the British consular officer and sinologist Herbert Allen Giles (1845–1935), is the first Chinese–English encyclopedic dictionary. Giles started compilation after being rebuked for criticizing mistranslations in Samuel Wells Williams' (1874) A Syllabic Dictionary of the Chinese Language. The 1,461-page first edition contains 13,848 Chinese character head entries alphabetically collated by Beijing Mandarin pronunciation romanized in the Wade–Giles system, which Giles created as a modification of Thomas Wade's (1867) system. Giles' dictionary furthermore gives pronunciations from nine regional varieties of Chinese, and three Sino- Xenic languages Japanese, Korean, and Vietnamese. Giles revised his dictionary into the 1,813-page second edition (1912) with the addition of 67 entries and numerous usage examples. ==History== thumb|Photograph of Herbert Allen Giles Herbert Giles served as a British consular officer in late Qing dynasty China until from 1867 to 1892. After his return to England, he was appointed the second professor of Chinese at the University of Cambridge, in succession to Thomas Francis Wade. They are renowned for developing what was later called the Wade–Giles romanization system of Chinese, which Giles' A Chinese–English Dictionary firmly established as the standard in the Western world until the 1958 official international pinyin system. In 1867, Giles passed the competitive Foreign Office examination for a Student Interpretership in China, and began studying the Chinese language at Peking. He later criticized his first Chinese book, a Part II reprint of Robert Morrison's (1815–1823) A Dictionary of the Chinese Language, in Three Parts, because it failed to mark aspiration, "much as if an English–Chinese dictionary, for the use of the Chinese, were published without the letter h, showing no difference between the conjunction and and the [h]and of the body". Herbert A. Giles wrote some 60 publications on Chinese culture and language (see Wikisource list), which may be divided into four broad categories: reference works, language textbooks, translations, and miscellaneous writings. His pioneering reference books established new standards of accuracy. Of all his publications, Giles was most proud of (1892, 1912) A Chinese–English Dictionary, and (1898) A Chinese Biographical Dictionary. Giles' textbooks for Chinese language learners include (1873) A Dictionary of Colloquial Idioms in the Mandarin Dialect and two Chinese phrasebooks transliterated phonetically according to the English alphabet, "so that anyone could pick up the book and read off a simple sentence with a good chance of being understood": the (1872) Chinese without a Teacher and (1877) Handbook of the Swatow Dialect: With a Vocabulary for Teochew dialect. His wide-ranging translations cover many genres of Chinese literature. Probably the best known are (1880, 1916) Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio, (1884, 1922) Gems of Chinese Literature, and (1889, 1926) Chuang Tzŭ, Mystic, Moralist, and Social Reformer. Giles' other writings include some of the first general histories of China, the (1901) A History of Chinese Literature, (1906) Religions of Ancient China, and (1911) The Civilization of China. Herbert Giles says he decided to compile A Chinese–English Dictionary after his review of Williams' A Syllabic Dictionary of the Chinese Language "brought down on my head many objurgations from the author's friends". As Giles explains in his previously unpublished (c. 1918–1925) typescript memoirs, > [The] review was of Dr Williams' Syllabic Dictionary (Evening Gazette, 16 > Sept., 1874), for which I was freely bespattered with abuse from all > American quarters. I showed up a multiplicity of absurd blunders and equally > egregious omissions; and I wound up with these prophetic words: "We do not > hesitate to pronounce Dr Williams the lexicographer, not for the future, but > of the past." I at once began upon a dictionary of my own. Provoked by the American missionary Williams, Giles devoted himself to publishing a new dictionary that "was meant to bring the glory of having compiled the best Chinese–English dictionary back from America to England". Five years later, Giles published a 40-page brochure (1879) On some Translations and Mistranslations in Dr. Williams' Syllabic Dictionary that was reported extensively among English-language newspapers published in China. "I was badly mauled" in the Daily Press (Hong Kong), "received unstinted praise" in the North China Daily News, and was supported in the Chinese Recorder and Missionary Journal, which said "the Dictionary is in fault in most of the instances given." Giles sent a copy of his brochure to Williams, but received no reply. Since Williams reprinted his dictionary from stereotype plates, he was unable to make corrections, and added, in 1883, an Errata and Corrections on a fly-sheet at the end—without acknowledgement of Giles' corrections. Herbert Giles continued working on his Chinese–English dictionary for 15 years until 1889 when the Foreign Office granted his request to be stationed as Consul at Ningpo, where the workload was light and he could prepare the manuscript for press. The Shanghai publishers Kelly & Walsh printed the dictionary in 4 fascicules from 1891 to 1892. The first edition A Chinese–English Dictionary (1892), which Bernard Quaritch also published in London, had 2 royal quarto (250 by 320 mm.) volumes comprising a 46-page front matter (9-page Preface and 32-page Philological Essay) and the 1415-page dictionary, printed in triple columns, beginning with 60 pages of tables. The price was $35. For the subsequent two decades, Giles diligently worked "to correct mistakes, cut out duplicates and unnecessary matter, prepare revised Tables, and add a very large number of new phrases, taken from my reading in modern as well as in ancient literature". In 1903 Lord Lansdowne, then Foreign Secretary, asked Sir Ernest Satow, then Minister in Peking, by letter whether a new edition should be purchased for the British Peking legation and consulates, and whether publication should be funded from the Civil List Fund. After consulting with Giles, Satow supported the new publication in a letter dated May 29, 1903, stating "I understand from the author that the new edition is not a mere reproduction of the first. Mistakes have been corrected, further meanings have been added to many characters, frequent cross-references have been introduced, and no fewer than ten thousand new phrases have been distributed over the entries as they now stand, chiefly drawn from sources in which the Dictionary has been found to be deficient".Satow Papers, PRO 30/33 7/2. The revised and enlarged second edition (1912) was likewise published by Kelly & Walsh and Bernard Quaritch in 7 fascicules printed from 1909 to 1912. It had 2 royal quarto volumes, with Part I comprising a 17-page preface (with extracts from the first edition) and 84 pages of tables; and Part II comprising the dictionary itself, printed in triple columns. Compared with the first edition of 1,461 total pages, the 1,813-page second edition is 398 pages longer. Giles produced the first edition entirely at his own risk, and it cost £2300, towards which the Foreign Office gave £300. The second edition cost £4800, towards which they gave £250. Giles' Chinese–English dictionary remained in "constant use" for generations. A compact edition was reprinted by Paragon Books (Chicago) in 1964, Ch'eng Wen (Taipei) in 1978, and is still available online.Yang 1985: 288. Giles learned that Edmund Backhouse, one of his first Chinese language students at Cambridge, had been trying for years to compile a Chinese–English dictionary. In 1925, he used it to metaphorically describe Chinese bilingual lexicography in terms of international sports competition. > [Backhouse's dictionary] is of course intended to supersede my own work. > Well, dictionaries are like dogs, and have their day; and I should be the > last person to whine over the appearance of the dictionary of the future, > which it is to be hoped will come in good time, and will help to an easier > acquisition of "the glorious language." Morrison and Medhurst, both > Englishmen, between them held the blue ribbon of Chinese lexicography from > 1816 to 1874; then it passed to Wells Williams, who held it for America > until 1892, when I think I may claim to have recaptured it for my own > country, and to have held it now for thirty-three years. In the history of bilingual Chinese lexicography, Giles' Dictionary is the fourth major Chinese–English dictionary after Robert Morrison's (1815–1823) A Dictionary of the Chinese Language, Walter Henry Medhurst's (1842) Chinese and English Dictionary, and Samuel Wells Williams' (1874) A Syllabic Dictionary of the Chinese Language. Giles' dictionary was superseded by Robert Henry Mathews' (1931) A Chinese–English Dictionary Compiled for the China Inland Mission. In contrast to Morrison, Medhurst, Williams, and Mathews, who were all Christian missionaries in China, Giles was an agnostic anti-clericalist. The historian Huiling Yang found that although Giles strongly criticized Williams' dictionary, it turns out that Giles' own dictionary is more closely linked to Williams' than to Morrison's, which Giles praised highly.. Medhurst's, Williams', and Giles' Chinese–English dictionaries are all members of a tradition that originated with Morrison's work. Each of their dictionaries made contributions and improvements to the art of Chinese–English dictionary compilation. Giles' preface to the second edition gives a "Comparative Table of Phrases under Various Characters, Taken as Specimens, to illustrate the Progress of Chinese–English Lexicography", for example: Morrison, 1819 Medhurst, 1843 Williams, 1874 Giles, 1892 Giles, 1912 說 to speak 11 15 28 96 129 山 mountains 17 6 19 89 109 生 to be born 21 27 42 135 162 打 to strike 23 21 24 167 172 石 stones 20 19 23 76 89 如 as if 8 6 18 78 112 ==Content== thumb|Sample page from Giles' A Chinese–English Dictionary Herbert Giles worked for 18 years to compile and publish the 1892 first edition A Chinese–English Dictionary, which contains 10,859 character head entries plus 2,989 variant characters for a total of 13,848 entries. He decided to number every head entry—an improvement lacking in the earlier dictionaries of Morrison, Medhurst, and Williams—in order to facilitate internal cross- referencing and make it easier for users to find characters. Giles subsequently worked for 20 years revising and adding "a vast number of compounds and phrases" to the 1912 second edition, which contains 10,926 head entries (67 more) plus 2,922 variants, also totaling 13,848. Despite the addition of new head entries to the second edition, Giles kept the original 13,848 numerical arrangement owing to an unintended consequence. People in China were using the dictionary numbers as a Chinese telegraph code, that is, a character encoding index for telegraphs written in Chinese characters—analogous with modern Chinese input methods for computers. Another example of using Giles' 13,848 numbers to index characters is Vernon Nash's (1936) Trindex: an Index to Three Dictionaries or San zidian yinde 三字典引得, for A Chinese–English Dictionary, (1711) Peiwen Yunfu rime dictionary, and (1716) Kangxi Dictionary. The dictionary is alphabetically collated by Beijing Mandarin pronunciation romanized in the Wade–Giles system, a, ai, an, ang, etc. Within each syllabic pronunciation section, characters sharing the same phonetic element and different graphic radicals are arranged together, for instance, the phonetic ai4 艾 (number 32) "mugwort; artemisia" is followed by ai4 哎 (33, with the mouth radical) "an interjection of surprise", ai4 餀 (34, food radical) "food which has been spoilt", and ai4 鴱 (35, bird radical) "the hen of the tailor-bird". Pronunciations are glossed in late 19th-century standard Beijing Mandarin. In addition, Giles glosses pronunciations in archaic Middle Chinese rime ("R." according to the Peiwen Yunfu rime dictionary) and fanqie, nine regional varieties of Chinese (commonly mistaken for mutually-understandable "dialects"), and the Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean languages. Giles' dictionary went far beyond Williams', which glosses pronunciations in Middle Chinese and four regional varieties: Shantou, Amoy, Fuzhou, and Shanghai Chinese. Giles' dictionary abbreviates the nine varieties ("dialects") by their initial letter: C. Cantonese, H. Hakka, F. Foochow, W. Wênchow, N. Ningpo, P. Pekingese, M. "Mid-China", Y. Yangchow, and S. Ssuch'uan, as well as in K. Korean, J. Japanese, and A. Annamese languages. Tones are annotated with a superscript number in the upper right of a character or romanized word; the four tones of Beijing Mandarin are indicated as 1 "high-level", 2 "rising", 3 "dipping", and 4 "falling". In the first edition, Giles uses 5 to denote alternate tonal pronunciations that he had heard, eruditely described as "tra cotanto senno" (Italian for "amid such wisdom", from Dante's Inferno). The prior dictionaries of Morrison, Williams, and Medhurst annotate tones in terms of the traditional four tones of Middle Chinese pronunciation used in rime dictionaries such as the Kangxi; namely píng 平 "level" tone, shàng 上 "rising", qù 去 "departing", and rù 入"entering" tone. Giles uses an asterisk to indicate archaic entering tone, with 2* denoting second tone with a -p, -t, or -k stop consonant. Despite the historical fact that the "entering" tone had already ceased to exist in 19th- century Beijing pronunciation, Norman notes that early Chinese–English dictionaries were "much concerned with including it". Many early dictionaries of Mandarin Chinese in Western languages were explicitly concerned not with the Beijing pronunciation of their time, but instead with Southern Mandarin, a koiné widely used up to the second half of the 19th century. Dictionary pages are formatted in three columns, each split between the head entry character, number, and pronunciations on the left, and the translation equivalents ("definitions"), cross references, and subentries of terms on the right. Giles attempts to arrange the subentry example words and phrases according to the order of the translation equivalents. The dictionary's approximately "hundred thousand examples" diversely range from the "best and highest planes of Chinese thought" to everyday words and nursery rhymes. The Chinese character 道 for dào "way; path; say; the Dao" or dǎo "guide; lead; conduct; instruct; direct" (or 導 clarified with Radical 41 寸 "thumb; inch") is a good litmus test for a dictionary because it has two pronunciations and complex semantics. The sample entry from Giles' dictionary for tao4 道4 (10,780) gives the character and number over pronunciations from Cantonese tou to Vietnamese dau on the left, and the translation equivalents and examples on the right. Note that {} brackets indicate translation equivalents added in the second edition. > A road; a path; a way. Hence; the road par excellence; the right way; the > true path; {the λόγος of the New Test.; identified by Kingsmill with the > Buddhist Mârga, the path which leads to Nirvâna;} the truth; religion{; > principles see 8032}. Of or belonging to Taoism {see 太極 859}. A district; a > region; a political division of the empire, varying under different > dynasties; a circuit; a Tao-t'ai. To speak; to tell. {A numerative; see > entries.}. The 1912 second edition adds references to Christian Greek scriptural λόγος logos, Thomas William Kingsmill's (1899) Daodejing translation comparing dào with Sanskrit mārga "path; (Buddhist) paths to liberation", the meaning "principles" under mou 謀2 (8032) "to plot; to scheme", "Tai chi" 太極 under 極2* (859), dàotái 道臺 "(historical) the magistrate of a dào district/circuit", and the syntactic use of 道 as a classifier or measure word for rivers/topics/etc. The first edition 道4 entry gives 230 examples of words and phrases for tao4 "way; path" (e.g., "黃道 the ecliptic; good luck; a lucky day; the conjunction of the sun and moon; in Taoist language, the state of unconscious innocence, as of an unborn babe"), and "Read tao3. To lead; see No. 10,781" with 6 examples. The second edition gives 255 examples (for instance, adding "一達謂之道 that which passes through is called tao", quoting the Shuowen Jiezi dictionary definition of dào) and "Read tao3. To lead; see 10,781" and 6 examples. The following tao3 導3 (10,781) "To lead; to guide" entry gives 7 examples in the first edition and 8 in the second, for instance "導師 the guiding Teacher—Buddha". Herbert Giles created the first Chinese–English encyclopedic dictionary in two ways, with comprehensive explanations under head entries and with informative tables. His example was followed by many later Chinese–English dictionaries up to the present time. First, some dictionary entries include in-depth information. Take pǔlu 氆氇 "a woolen fabric made in Tibet" as an example. Giles gives P'u3 氆3 (9514) "An open-woven, thick woolen cloth, either plain or flowered, with a nap on one side, known as 氆氇. It comes from Tibet, and is used for making the winter caps of Lamas. Known to the Mongols as cheng-mé and chalma." Second, Giles's dictionary has six tables, in addition to the requisite table of the 214 Kangxi Radicals (essential for using a radical-and-stroke index) included by Morrison, Medhurst, and Williams. The tables are for Insignia of Official Rank, The Family Names, The Chinese Dynasties, Topographical, The Calendar, and Miscellaneous (Chinese numerals). Another table is found in the dictionary front matter, called the Table of Sounds or Table of Sounds for Dialects. Giles was the first Chinese–English lexicographer to systematically include homographs "a character with two or more readings" (which he calls "duplicate characters"). For instance, the character 長 can be pronounced cháng "long; lasting", zhǎng "grow up; increase", or zhàng "plenty; surplus": Wade–Giles ch'ang2, chang3 and chang4, respectively. The main entry ch'ang2 長2 (450) first has "Long, of time or space, as opposed to 短 short. Excelling; advantageous; profitable." with 59 words and phrases (e.g., "長生 long life; immortality. Used as a euphemism for coffins, death, etc."); then "Read chang3. Old; senior. To excel; to increase; to grow." with 38 ("長妾 the senior concubine"); and then "Read chang4. with 4 terms (e.g., 無長物 there is nothing over."). The alternate entry chang 長 [no tone] (408) says "See 450." ==Reception== Giles' A Chinese–English Dictionary has received both acclaim and censure. An early critic, the Chinese Malaysian scholar Gu Hongming (1857–1928) criticized Giles' lack of overall insight into Chinese literature, and said > It is this want of philosophical insight in Dr. Giles which makes him so > helpless in the arrangement of his materials in his books. Take for instance > his great dictionary. It is in no sense a dictionary at all. It is merely a > collection of Chinese phrases and sentences, translated by Dr. Giles without > any attempt at selection, arrangement, order or method. As a dictionary for > the purposes of the scholar, Dr. Giles' dictionary is decidedly of less > value than even the old dictionary of Dr. Williams. Arthur C. Moule, son of the Anglican missionary George Moule, wrote a critical review of Giles' dictionary, for instance, the 否3 entry (3596) gives fou3 "Not; on the contrary; negative" and p'i3 "Bad; wicked. One of the diagrams." "Diagram" refers to the Yijing Hexagram 12 pǐ 否 "Obstruction". Moule says fou, p'i, or pei has three meanings" "not", "to obstruct; an obstacle", and "evil", but Giles accidentally omitted the second, which is the hexagram's meaning. The English sinologist Charles Aylmer, who first published The Memoirs of H. A. Giles from a Cambridge University Library manuscript, gives a balanced evaluation on the dictionary. Aylmer says the second edition "impresses by its sheer bulk" but falls short of the "highest standards of the best 19th-century lexicography". First, the dictionary does not cite sources for terms, but diversely includes both Classical Chinese literary archaisms from sources like the Kangxi Dictionary and modern vernacular colloquialisms that Giles "laboriously collected from books read and conversations held during a long stretch of years." Second, Giles failed to indicate stylistic level, which he justifies on the "(somewhat specious) grounds" that, "No division of phraseology into classical and colloquial has been made, for the simple reason that no real line of demarcation exists. Expressions are used in ordinary conversation which occur in the Book of Odes. The book-language fades imperceptibly into the colloquial". A third lexicographical shortcoming is the random arrangement of subentries, "requiring the reader to con up and down the columns". As a general rule, Giles explains, "the meanings found in the Classics stand first, and more modern and colloquial meanings follow. But to this rule there are some striking exceptions, purposely introduced, so as not to impair any value this Dictionary may have as a practical book of reference." Despite these deficiencies, Aylers says Giles' dictionary "held the field for many decades and lives on in successors", such as Robert Mathews' (1931) A Chinese–English Dictionary Compiled for the China Inland Mission, many of whose definitions "are taken, without acknowledgment, from Giles". > Today the dictionary is most often cited as the locus classicus of the so- > called "Wade–Giles" romanisation system, for which the name of Giles is > widely known even to non-specialists. Apart from this, its practical use is > mainly as a repository of late Ch'ing bureaucratic phraseology, though it is > replete with fascinating nuggets of information and is a wonderful book for > browsing. The American sinologist and linguist Jerry Norman calls Giles' dictionary the "first truly adequate Chinese–English dictionary", with pronunciation glosses that were "by and large free of the artificiality found in earlier works". He also says that Giles, like his predecessors, mixed literary and colloquial definitions together without distinction, and concludes that the dictionary "remains a rich depository of nineteenth-century Peking colloquial words and phrases, in other respects it has been superseded by later dictionaries". A recent book on Chinese lexicography says Giles' dictionary has "special significance and interest" and "enjoys pride of place in the history of Chinese bilingual dictionaries as the authoritative source for the Wade–Giles system of Romanization". The English sinologist and historian Endymion Wilkinson says Giles' dictionary is "still interesting as a repository of late Qing documentary Chinese, although there is little or no indication of the citations, mainly from the Kangxi zidian)". ==References== * * * * See on Google Books. * * Footnotes ==Further reading== * Dunn, Robert (1977), Chinese–English and English–Chinese dictionaries in the Library of Congress, Library of Congress. * Morrison, Robert (1828), Vocabulary of the Canton Dialect: Chinese Words and Phrases, Printed at the Honorable East India company's press, by G.J. Steyn. * Wu Jinrong et al. (1998), Han-Ying cidian 汉英词典 A Chinese–English Dictionary, rev. ed., Foreign Language Teaching and Research Press. Category:Chinese dictionaries
50813860	A History of Garage and Frat Bands in Memphis 1960–1975, Volume 1	A History of Garage and Frat Bands in Memphis 1960-1975, Volume 1 is a garage rock multi-genre compilation available on compact disc consisting of songs by various artists, recorded in the 1960s, compiled by Ron Hall, who also wrote the book for which it is named (it was released in conjunction with the book). There earliest song on the set was recorded in 1961 and the latest in 1969—there are no songs from the 1970s, but the part of the title which reads "1960–1975" is meant to mirror the title of the book, which covers acts from the entire range of years. The fifteen songs on the collection represent the diversity of Memphis garage rock, stretching from its early 1960s rock & roll roots to frat rock, "pure" garage rock, Stax soul-influenced rock, and psychedelic. According to Heather Phares of Allmusic, the album's tracks "...trace the history of the Tennessee city's underground music scene, offering enough twists and surprises along the way to make the collection worthwhile for die-hard fans of frat and garage rock from the '60s..." The anthology begins with the frantic "Uptight Tonight" by Flash & The Casuals, headed by David "Flash" Fleishmen. The Le Sabres, named for the Buick automobile, were active in the early 1960s and recorded "Rising Mercury Twist" in 1961. Moving into the mid-1960s is the Escapades' "Tell No Lies", an archetypal garage rock song, while the Jades' "Ain't Got You" is an upbeat frat rock number. Shadden & The King Lears do the haunting ballad "All I Want Is You", which features a sadly lyrical, wailing saxophone played by stand-in musician Newell Tuggle. The surf instrumental, "Mysterians", by Jimmy Tarbutton is perhaps the strangest cut on the record, conjuring up images of outer space creatures. "Land Of Soul", by the Rapscallions is a soul- influenced tracks. The Changin' Tymes' "Blue Music Box" was recorded in 1969 and is one of the collections's psychedelic songs. The Village Sound's soul- influenced "These Windows" closes the set. ==Track listing== #Flash & The Casuals: "Uptight, Tonight" 2:17 #The LeSabres: "Rising: Mercury Twist" 2:36 #Danny Burk & The Invaders: "Ain't Goin' No Where" 2:29 #Joe Frank & The Knights: “Can't Find a Way” 2:26 #The Escapades: "Tell No Lies" 2:02 #The Rapids: Seven: "Little Numbers" 1:45 #The Yo-Yo's: "Leaning on You” 2: 09 #The Jades: "Ain't Got You" 2:13 #The Coachmen: "Possibility" 1:44 #Jimmy Tarbutton: "Mysterians" 2:09 #The Rapscallions: "Land of Soul" 2:15 #Shadden & The King Lears: "All I Want Is You" (Andy Goldmark) 2:28 #The Changin' Tymes: "Blue Music Box" 2:11 #The Castells: "Save a Chance" 2:06 #The Village Sound: "These Windows" 2:35 ==Catalogue and release information== * A History of Garage and Frat Bands in Memphis 1960-1975, Volume 1 (Shangri-La Projects, 2001) ==References== ==Bibliography== * Category:2001 compilation albums Category:Garage rock compilation albums
51034213	A Fortress in the Mountains	A Fortress in the Mountains () is a 1953 Soviet adventure film directed by Vladimir Gerasimov and Konstantin Yudin and starring Vladlen Davydov, Marina Kuznetsova and Yelena Shatrova.Rollberg p.355 It was made by Mosfilm using the Sovcolor process. It was the third most successful Soviet film at the box office that year, with attendance figures of 44.8 million.Hutchings p.29 The film is an early Cold War action thriller, set in Central Asia, ==Synopsis== From Moscow arrives Senior Lieutenant Lunin to the frontier who is assigned as its deputy chief. Due to the illness of the former chief, the lieutenant has to take command of the outpost. At the same time foreign intelligence is trying to enter the USSR territory. Near the state border under the guise of archaeologists spies under the name of Stanley and Marrow are deployed. The local Basmach gang of Ismail-Beg who are paid by their leadership, is trying to make an attack on Soviet territory as a diversion to their main operation - their imperceptible transition to the Soviet side. However, the operation fails; the gang is broken up, its remnants thrown over the border river and the violator spies are arrested and exposed. ==Cast== * Vladlen Davydov as Lunin * Marina Kuznetsova as Vera Alexandrovna * Yelena Shatrova as Polina Antonovna * Sergei Gurzo as Kuleshov * Stanislav Chekan as Martshenko * Arkadi Shcherbakov as Prochorov * Aleksandr Susnin as Vorobev * Mikhail Majorov as Grachyov * Vladimir Popov as Sledovatel * Mukhamejan Kasymov as Ismail-Beg * Vladimir Belokurov as Marrow * Aleksey Krasnopolsky as Bridger * Oleg Solyus as Ben Stanley * Georgi Chernovolenko as Carter * Nina Agapova as Marya Tikhonovna * Boris Popov as Inspector * Radner Muratov as Akhmet * Aleksey Alekseev as Ustinov – mayor == References == == Bibliography == * Hutchings, S. Russia and its Other(s) on Film: Screening Intercultural Dialogue. Springer, 2008. * Rollberg, Peter. Historical Dictionary of Russian and Soviet Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2008. == External links == * Category:1953 films Category:1953 adventure films Category:Soviet adventure films Category:Russian adventure films Category:1950s Russian-language films Category:Films directed by Konstantin Yudin Category:Films directed by Vladimir Gerasimov Category:Cold War spy films
51039606	A Child of the Community	A Child of the Community () is a 1953 Yugoslav comedy film directed by Mladomir Puriša Đorđević and starring Viktor Starčić, Elma Karlowa and Aleksandar Stojković.Liehm & Liehm p.127 ==Cast== * Viktor Starčić as Sima Nedeljković * Elma Karlowa as Elza * Aleksandar Stojković as Sveštenik * Milan Ajvaz as Izaslanik kralja Aleksandra * Mija Aleksić as Advokat Fića * Dušan Antonijević as Konobar (I) * Dejan Dubajić as Karanfilović * Sima Janićijević as Konobar (II) * Vuka Kostić * Ljubica Ković * Predrag Laković as Bogoslov * Petar Matić * Bata Paskaljević as Profesor klavira * Raša Plaović as Vladika * Nikola Popović * Milivoje Popović-Mavid as Artiljerijski kapetan * Branka Veselinović as Seljanka * Mlađa Veselinović * Stevo Vujatović * Jelena Žigon * Milivoje Živanović == References == == Bibliography == * Liehm, Mira & Liehm, Antonín J. The Most Important Art: Eastern European Film After 1945. University of California Press, 1977. == External links == * Category:1953 films Category:1953 comedy films Category:Yugoslav comedy films Category:Serbo-Croatian-language films Category:Films directed by Mladomir Puriša Đorđević Category:Yugoslav black-and-white films Category:Films set in Yugoslavia
51146031	A Hell of a Woman	A Hell of a Woman is a 1954 novel by Jim Thompson. It has been adapted for the screen by Alain Corneau and Georges Pérec as Série noire, released in 1979. ==Plot== Frank "Dolly" Dillon hates his job of working collections for Pay-E- Zee Stores. He loathes his wife, Joyce, and has an account balance that barely lets him pay the bills each month. Working door-to-door one day, Dolly crosses paths with a beautiful young woman, Mona who is being forced by her aunt to do things that she does not want to with men she does not know. Mona wants out any way that she can. ==References== Category:1954 American novels Category:Novels by Jim Thompson Category:English-language novels Category:American crime novels Category:American novels adapted into films
51146277	A Flea on the Scales	A Flea on the Scales (Portuguese: Uma Pulga na Balança) is a 1953 Brazilian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce and starring Waldemar Wey, Gilda Nery and Geraldo José de Almeida.Molinterno p.289 ==Cast== * Waldemar Wey as Dorival * Gilda Nery as Dora * Geraldo José de Almeida * Vicente Leporace * José Rubens * Ruy Afonso * Geraldo Ambrosi * Francisco Arisa * Paulo Autran as Antenor * Tito Livio Baccarin * Jaime Barcellos * Maurício Barroso * Xandó Batista * Célia Biar * Lola Brah as Bibi * Luiz Calderaro as Carlos * Dan Camara * Nelson Camargo * Benjamin Cattan * Benedito Corsi * Maria Augusta Costa Leite * João Costa * Armando Couto * Antônio Dourado * Kleber Menezes Dória * Marcelo Fiori * Antônio Fragoso * João Franco * Felício Fuchs * Galileu Garcia * João Batista Giotti * Wanda Hamel * John Herbert as Alberto * Artur Herculano * Roberto Lombardi * Edith Lorena * Labiby Madi * Cavagnole Neto * Lima Neto * Antonio Olinto * Geraldo Santos Pereira * João Rosa * Pilade Rossi * Jesuíno Santos * Mário Senna * Erminio Spalla * Vicente Spalla * Maria Luiza Splendore * Michael Stoll * Mário Sergio as Juvenal * Francisco Tamura * Francisco Taricano * Eva Wilma * Fausto Zip ==References== ==Bibliography== * Moliterno, Gino. The A to Z of Italian Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2009. ==External links== * Category:1953 comedy films Category:1953 films Category:Brazilian comedy films Category:1950s Portuguese-language films Category:Films directed by Luciano Salce Category:Brazilian black-and-white films
51209729	A Far Cry from Dead	A Far Cry from Dead is a posthumous album by Townes Van Zandt, released two years after the singer's 1997 death. It contains overdubbed instrumentation added to vocal and guitar recordings made by the late singer. It was Van Zandt's first album on a major label. ==Production== The recordings were constructed from DAT tapes provided to producer Eric Paul by the singer's widow, Jeanene. Richard Bennett played guitar on the album; Kenny Malone and Charlie McCoy also contributed to it. "Squash" and "Sanitarium Blues" had never before been released. ==Critical reception== Entertainment Weekly deemed the album "the best introduction yet to this master craftsman's dour magic." Texas Monthly thought that "the problem is that a producer and a bunch of studio musicians are filling the spaces in Van Zandt’s barren landscape with angel bells and precision acoustic guitars; the album feels like their creation, not his." The Los Angeles Times noted that "the essential track ... features the subtlest musical additions—'Waitin' 'Round to Die', written back in 1968, was spooky enough when the singer was young ... Here it sounds like a voice from beyond the grave saying, 'I told you so.'" CMJ New Music Monthly acknowledged the "best intentions" behind the album, but called it "terribly uncharacteristic" of Van Zandt's work. The Des Moines Register stated that Van Zandt's "vocal performances are poignant and often chilling." Rolling Stone opined: "Occasionally, the producer's enthusiasm overpowers the beauty of Van Zandt's words; 'For the Sake of the Song' is better served by the plaintive reading of the 1969 original than by the booming version here." AllMusic wrote that "the blunt reality of the aborted relationships in 'Many a Fine Lady,' for example, and the exalted freedom of 'To Live's to Fly' do more to broadcast his mastery than the magazine covers he always seemed to be overlooked for." ==Track listing== All songs written by Townes Van Zandt # "Dollar Bill Blues" # "To Live Is to Fly" # "Rex's Blues" # "Sanitarium Blues" # "Ain't Leavin' Your Love" # "Greensboro Woman" # "Snake Mountain Blues" # "Pancho and Lefty" # "For the Sake of the Song" # "Waiting Around to Die" # "Many a Fine Lady" # "Tower Song" # "Squash" ==Production== *Townes Van Zandt's original vocals and guitar tracks recorded at Texhoma Music Group Studio and Jack Clement's Cowboy Arms Hotel and Recording Spa, Nashville, TN, 1989–1996 *All other music recorded at Imagine Studio, Nashville, TN, 1998 *Mixed at the Music Mill and Battery Studio *Mastered at Georgetown Masters using the HDCD process *Mastered by Denny Purcell and Jonathan Russell *Executive produced by Jeanene Van Zandt *Engineer by Jed Hackett, Jim Skinner, and Niles Clement ==References== Category:Townes Van Zandt albums Category:1999 albums
51260519	A Circuit Rider's Wife	A Circuit Rider's Wife is a 1910 novel by Corra May Harris that is thought to be largely autobiographical, Circuit rider here meaning a travelling clergyman. It was published by Henry Altemus Company in Philadelphia.A Circuit Rider's Wife, the book freely available The book is Harris's best known work. The book was made into the successful 1951 film, I'd Climb the Highest Mountain. ==References== ==External links== *A Circuit Rider's Wife, the book freely available at Internet Archive Category:1910 American novels Category:American novels adapted into films
51265946	A Country Wedding	A Country Wedding is a 2015 American-Canadian made-for-television romantic drama film directed by Anne Wheeler and starring Jesse Metcalfe, Autumn Reeser, and Lauren Holly. It premiered on Hallmark Channel on June 27, 2015. ==Plot== A few weeks before his very glamorous wedding to a famous actress, a country music singer returns to the small town in Texas where he grew up to sell his family's old house. There, he meets his childhood friend, Sarah, a cowgirl who owns a small ranch. With her, he rediscovers the joy of the simple things in life that he had forgotten. ==Cast== ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2015 television films Category:2015 films Category:2015 romantic drama films Category:American romantic drama films Category:Hallmark Channel original films Category:Canadian romantic drama films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:Films directed by Anne Wheeler Category:Films shot in British Columbia Category:American drama television films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films Category:2010s Canadian films
5131349	A Is for Allah	A is for Allah is the name of a double album created for Muslim children by Yusuf Islam (formerly known as Cat Stevens). The album was released on 11 July 2000 by Resurgence UK Records. The title song was written in 1980 upon the birth of Yusuf's first child, a girl named Hasanah. Yusuf wanted his daughter to learn the Arabic language as well as read and understand the Qu'ran (in Arabic). He himself was raised in London, England, the same city where they still lived, and had kept a home there throughout his life. Being a recent convert to the Islamic religion, he was concerned with the difficulties he would face securing a high-quality 'Islamic' education for his children. The musician used the song as a way to teach not only his daughter, but also other children, about the 28-letter Arabic alphabet. This kind of Islamic music is also known as nasheed in the Arabic language. The album also features other Muslim musicians, including Zain Bhikha from South Africa, who sang on all but one track. The album had been in the works since 1994, with the exception of the title track, which dated back to 1980. It was also released with a large colourful book, with each page displaying a letter of the Arabic alphabet, by Mountain of Light, Yusuf Islam's own record imprint. ==Track listing== ===Disc one=== #"Introduction" #"A: Allah" #"Ayat al-Kursi (2:255)" #"Say He Is Allah" #"B: Bismillah" #"Bismillah" #"T: Taqwa" #"Th: Thawab" #"J: Jannah" #"Surah Al-Kahf (18:31)" #"H: Hajj" #"Kh: Khatam" #"D: Deen" #"Our Guide is the Qur'an" #"Dh: Dhikr" #"R: Ramadan" #"Z: Zakah" #"Surah At-Tawba (9:34-35)" #"S: Salam" #"Salam, Salam" #"Sh: Shams" #"Surah Al-An'am (6:79)" #"S: Salat" #"D: Duha" #"Surah Ad-Dhuha (93:1-11)" #"T: Tareeq" ===Disc two=== #"Turn to Allah" #"Z: Zill" #"I: Ilm" #"Gh: Ghayb" #"F: Fatihah" #"Surah Al-Fatihah (1:1-7)" #"Q: Qur'an" #"Surah Al-Qadr (97:1-5)" #"Qur'anu Rabbee" #"K: Kalimah" #"L: La Ilaha Illa-Allah" #"M: Muhammad Rasul-Allah" #"Seal of the Prophets" #"N: Nawm" #"Surah As-Sajda (32:16)" #"H: Hijrah" #"W: Wu'du" #"Surah Al-Muddaththir (74:1-5)" #"Y: Yawm Ad-Deen" #"Surah Al-Infitar (82:1-19)" #"A Is for Allah" #"Last Word" ==References== ==External links== *YouTube.com (video of the song "A Is for Allah") Category:2000 albums Category:Arabic-language albums Category:Children's music albums by British artists Category:Yusuf Islam albums Category:Religious works for children
51364363	A Colonial Belle	A Colonial Belle is an American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott with Gene Gauntier, Robert Vignola and George Melford in the leading roles. An episode of the revolutionary war. ==Cast== * Gene Gauntier - * Robert Vignola - * James Vincent - * George Melford - * ==External links== * * A Colonial Belle website dedicated to Sidney Olcott Category:1910 films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American silent short films Category:Films directed by Sidney Olcott Category:1910 short films Category:1910 drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1910s American films
51378009	A Day Will Come (1950 film)	A Day Will Come () is a 1950 West German historical drama film directed by Rudolf Jugert and starring Dieter Borsche, Maria Schell and Lil Dagover. It was shot at the Göttingen Studios. The film's sets were designed by the art director Walter Haag. It is based on Ernst Penzoldt's novella Korporal Mombour, set at the time of the Franco-Prussian War. ==Cast== *Dieter Borsche as Friedrich *Maria Schell as Madeleine *Lil Dagover as Mme. Mombour *Gustav Knuth as Paul *Renate Mannhardt as Louise *Else Ehser as Lisette *Herbert Hübner as Monsieur Mombour *Alfred Schieske as Oberst Schedy *Gerd Martienzen as Duvernoy *Wilhelm Meyer-Ottens as staff surgeon *Ernst Legal as mayor *Hans Mahnke as Poussin, carpenter *Norbert Zeuner as Baptiste ==References== ==External links== * Category:1950s historical drama films Category:German historical drama films Category:1950s war drama films Category:German war drama films Category:West German films Category:Films directed by Rudolf Jugert Category:Films set in the 1870s Category:Franco-Prussian War films Category:Films based on German novels Category:1950 drama films Category:German black-and-white films Category:1950s German films Category:Films shot at Göttingen Studios
51404621	A Kid	A Kid () is a 2016 French-Canadian drama film written and directed by Philippe Lioret and starring Pierre Deladonchamps, Gabriel Arcand and Catherine De Léan. It is loosely based on the book Si ce livre pouvait me rapprocher de toi by Jean-Paul Dubois. == Cast == ==Accolades== Award Date of ceremony Category Recipient(s) Result César Awards 24 February 2017 Best Actor Pierre Deladonchamps César Awards Best Supporting Actor Gabriel Arcand Lumières Awards 30 January 2017 Best Actor Pierre Deladonchamps Prix Iris 4 June 2017 Best Actor Gabriel Arcand == References == == External links == * Category:2016 films Category:2010s French-language films Category:French drama films Category:Canadian drama films Category:Films based on French novels Category:Films directed by Philippe Lioret Category:2016 drama films Category:French-language Canadian films Category:2010s Canadian films Category:2010s French films Category:Le Pacte films
51410778	A Double-Dyed Deceiver	A Double-Dyed Deceiver is a lostThe Library of Congress/FIAF American Silent Feature Film Survivor Catalog: A Double-Dyed Deceiver 1920 American silent crime-drama film directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Jack Pickford. It was produced and distributed by the Goldwyn Pictures company.The AFI Catalog of Feature Films: A Double-Dyed Deceiver ==Plot== As described in a film magazine, The Llano Kid (Pickford), after killing a Mexican in Texas, flees to Buennas Tierras, South America. The American counsel, seeking to rob an aristocratic Spanish family whose son disappeared years ago, schemes to use the Kid as a fence by having him pose as the lost son. The Kid is received royally by the family and for the first time he experiences love. Transformed through the experience of motherly love, the Kid rebels and he refuses to rob his benefactors. Instead, he falls in love with a relative and stays with the family. ==Cast== *Jack Pickford as The Llano Kid *Marie Dunn as Estella *James Neill as Senor Urique *Edythe Chapman as Senora Urique *Sidney Ainsworth as Thacker *Manuel R. Ojeda as Secretary ==References== ==External links== * * *Poster Category:1920 films Category:American silent feature films Category:Lost American films Category:Films directed by Alfred E. Green Category:Goldwyn Pictures films Category:Films based on short fiction Category:Adaptations of works by O. Henry Category:American black-and-white films Category:1920s American films Category:Silent American drama films Category:Silent crime drama films Category:American crime drama films Category:1920s English-language films Category:English-language crime drama films
51436211	A Decent Man (2015 Swiss film)	A Decent Man (, ) is a 2015 Swiss-German drama film written and directed by Micha Lewinsky. It stars Devid Striesow, Maren Eggert and Lotte Becker. It premiered at the 2015 Zurich Film Festival and opened domestically in 2016. == Plot == Thomas Engel is always anxious to avoid conflict. At any cost. This compulsive striving for harmony, however, proves to be his road to ruin. He will fight for a peaceful solution. Violently, if need be. == References == == External links == * Category:2015 films Category:2015 drama films Category:2010s German-language films Category:Swiss drama films Category:Swiss German-language films
51436215	A Decent Man	A Decent Man may refer to: * A Decent Man (2015 Swiss film) by Micha Lewinsky * A Decent Man (2015 French film) by Emmanuel Finkiel
51573838	A Happy Day of Jinsa Maeng	A Happy Day of Jinsa Maeng () is a 1962 South Korean comedy film directed by Lee Yong-min. ==Synopsis== When a rumour spreads that his future son-in-law is crippled, he resorts to tricks to marry off his maid Ip-bun (Choi Eun-hee) instead. ==Cast== * Kim Seung-ho as Maeng Jin-sa * Choi Eun-hee as Ip-bun * Kim Jin-kyu as Mi-eon * Kim Hee-kap * Lee Bin-hwa as Gap-bun ==References== == External links == * * Category:1962 films Category:1960s Korean-language films Category:South Korean comedy films
51597092	A Dog, a Mouse, and a Sputnik	A Dog, a Mouse and a Sputnik is a 1958 French comedy film. It was also known as Hold That Satellite or À pied, à cheval et en spoutnik !. ==References== ==External links== * *Review at The New York Times *Film page at Le Film Guide *film page at Uni France Category:1958 films Category:1958 comedy films Category:French comedy films Category:Films about space programs Category:1950s French-language films Category:1950s French films
51794980	A Family Secret (Upstairs, Downstairs)	A Family Secret is the fourth episode of the third series of the British television series, Upstairs, Downstairs. The episode is set in 1912. ==Plot== James is immediately attracted to Hazel Forrest. The class divide between James and Hazel causes early conflicts with Hazel's parents, the Bellamys' staff and in the marriage. He wants to marry her. After about seven months of courting, James proposes in November, but Hazel declines his proposal and tearfully refuses him. She doesn't tell him that she was married before to a violent alcoholic named Patrick O'Connor. Hazel's sad past is now the Forrest's family secret. James don't know why she refuses him. This causes Hazel's father, Arthur Forrest, to visit James. He explains that Hazel was previously married to a drunk, Patrick O'Connor, who beat her. They divorced and Hazel moved back in with her parents. Mr. Forrest wants his daughter to be happy, while the prickly Mrs. Forrest is sure the Bellamys would never accept Hazel as a divorced woman (divorce being the shocking, stigmatic thing it was in 1912). After Hazel's initially declining James' proposal, James asks Hazel again, and after talking and James letting Hazel know his own sister Elizabeth is a divorced and remarried woman, she accepts his second proposal. They marry in late 1912 or early 1913, and honeymoon in Paris. A Family Secret - imdb.com A Family Secret - Updown.org.uk ==Cast== ===Regular cast=== * Gordon Jackson (Angus Hudson) * Jean Marsh (Rose Buck) * Joan Benham (Lady Prudence Fairfax) * David Langton (Richard Bellamy) * Simon Williams (James Bellamy) * Angela Baddeley (Mrs. Bridges) * Jenny Tomasin (Ruby) ===Guest cast=== * Meg Wynn Owen (Hazel Forrest) * Valerie White (Mrs. Forrest) * Leonard Trolley (Mr. Arthur Forrest) ==References== Category:Upstairs, Downstairs (series 3) episodes Category:1973 British television episodes Category:Fiction set in 1907
5186725	A Lady Writing a Letter	A Lady Writing a Letter (also known as A Lady Writing) is an oil on canvas painting attributed to 17th century Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer. It is believed to have been completed by artist during his mature phase, in the mid- to-late 1660s. The work is in the collection of the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.National Gallery of Art's page on A Lady Writing a Letter ==Description of the scene== The lady in the painting is shown writing a letter while sitting at a table in a room. She appears to have been interrupted, as she has turned her head away from the letter to look towards the viewer, while she continues to hold the quill in her right hand. She is dressed elegantly in a lemon-yellow morning jacket and wears a necklace with ten pearls and two pearl earrings. The number of compositional elements in the painting are limited and the focus is the woman's figure and the sparse objects in the woman and the table are brought near to the picture plane, which emphasizes the directness of her gaze. All small objects in the painting are placed on the table. This concentration of small forms stand in contrasts with the large forms used in the rest of the composition, which create a geometric framework for the figure. On the back of the wall is a painting, which covers two-thirds of the width of the composition. The painting of which only a part is shown in the picture depicts a large string instrument, possibly a double bass. It is known from the inventory of Vermeer's estate that he owned a vanitas still life with a double bass and skull. Based on a comparison of the depicted work and its description in the inventory of Vermeer's estate with the known vanitas still lifes of the Dutch painter Cornelis van der Meulen it is likely that the painting on the wall is by van der Meulen's hand. Vanitas paintings were popular in the Dutch Republic. They aim to evoke the meaninglessness of worldly aspirations and the transient nature of all human endeavors often by contrasting symbols of death and decay with luxurious objects or other items which relate to worldly success. Vermeer's intention in including a vanitas painting in a rich interior with an elegantly dressed lady was likely to convey this philosophical vanitas message that all worldly possessions and achievements are ultimately doomed to fail and end in death.Boström, K. Jan Vermeer and Cornelis van der Meulen. in: Oud Holland, 66 (1951): 1 17-22 Many of the objects seen in the painting, such as the woman's coat, the cloth on the table, and the string of pearls, also appear in other Vermeer works. This has led to speculation that he or his family members owned the objects, and even that the subjects of the paintings are his relatives. It has often been suggested that in his paintings, Vermeer sought to depict in his models that which he could not give to his wife and family: calm and affluence.Bonafoux, p. 118. ==History of the painting== Like many other paintings by Vermeer, the painting was made for his patron Pieter van Ruijven (1624–1674). From him it passed possibly by inheritance to his wife, Maria de Knuijt [died 1681]. From her it then possibly passed by inheritance to her daughter, Magdalena van Ruijven and from her possibly by inheritance to her husband, Jacobus Abrahamsz. Dissius. After his death the work was auctioned in Amsterdam on 16 May 1696. Until the early nineteenth century, the work remained in the hands of several Dutch owners until it was bought in 1827 by the Belgian politician François de Robiano (1778–1836) in whose family it remained until it was bought in 1907 by the American banker John Pierpont Morgan (1837–1913). In 1946 the American art collector Horace Havemeyer (1886–1956) acquired the work.Johannes Vermeer, A Lady Writing his Heirs provenance at the National Gallery of Art Harry Waldron Havemeyer and Horace Havemeyer donated the work to the National Gallery of Art in 1962."Johannes Vermeer and Dutch Scenes of Daily Life in the 1600s ". National Gallery of Art, Washington, DC. Retrieved on 23 May 2009. ==See also== * List of paintings by Johannes Vermeer == References == ==Sources== * Bonafoux, Pascal. Vermeer. New York: Konecky & Konecky, 1992. * Critical info by Peter Sutton ==External links== Category:Genre paintings by Johannes Vermeer Category:1665 paintings Category:Collections of the National Gallery of Art Category:Portraits of women
52076886	A Good Day to Die (film)	A Good Day to Die is a 2010 American documentary film about American Indian Movement founder Dennis Banks.DVD TalkJourneyman.tvKino Lorber The title of film comes from the phrase "a good day to die" which Banks quoted during a speech at a protest in Custer, South Dakota. ==References== == External links == * *A Good Day to Die at Rotten Tomatoes Category:2010 films Category:American documentary films Category:Documentary films about Native Americans Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
52124393	A Different American Dream	A Different American Dream is a 2016 American documentary film by Simon Brook and Jane I. Wells. It was produced by 3 Generations and Brook Productions. In 2016, the film was selected for a number of festivals, including the Thessaloniki International Film Festival, the Margaret Mead Film Festival and the Reykjavík International Film Festival. == Synopsis == The documentary focuses on the inhabitants of the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation in the Badlands of North Dakota as their lives, their communities and their environment are profoundly transformed by the tight oil (shale oil) industry that promises wealth but sometimes delivers devastation. == References == Category:American documentary films Category:2016 films Category:Films shot in North Dakota Category:Films set in North Dakota Category:2010s American films
5214508	A Flock of Bleeps	A Flock of Bleeps is the debut studio album by the music group Younger Brother. It is a collaborative psybient/psychill project between English psytrance producers Simon Posford (Hallucinogen, Shpongle) and Benji Vaughan (Prometheus).Pareles, Jon. "The Bigger-Band Sounds of a Trance-Music Duo" NY Times July 12, 2009. Retrieved on July 18, 2013. ==Track listing== Source: Psyshop.com ==References== Category:2003 debut albums Category:Younger Brother albums Category:Albums produced by Benji Vaughan
52154925	A Common Faith	A Common Faith (1934) is a compilation of John Dewey's writings based on the Terry Lectures at Yale University. It consists of three chapters: "Religion Versus the Religious," "Faith and Its Object," and "The Human Abode of the Religious Function." == Summary == Dewey's overarching theme in A Common Faith is the role of distinct religious experience (separate from religions themselves, as outlined in the first chapter) in realizing human potential through action and imagination. Dewey lays out the direct purpose of this work in his closing statement at the end of the third chapter: "Here are all the elements for a religious faith that shall not be confined to sect, class, or race. Such a faith has always been implicitly the common faith of mankind. It remains to make it explicit and militant" (p. 80).Dewey, J. (2013). Terry Lectures: A Common Faith (2). T. A. Alexander (Ed.). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. Much like in many of Dewey's other works, democracy is a common theme throughout his statements in A Common Faith. There are three major themes present in A Common Faith. The first establishes distinct differences between "the religious" and religions themselves as experience. The second affirms God as "creative intersection of the ideal or possible and the real or actual," while the third establishes "the infusion of the religious as a pervasive mode of experience into democratic life" (Alexander, p. 23).Dewey, J. (2013). Terry Lectures: A Common Faith (2). T. A. Alexander (Ed.). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. In his review of A Common Faith, A. E. Elder states that "There is potential in man a religious attitude towards life - a natural capacity for faith - which can so enrich life and advance human well-being, that if through misunderstanding or other causes it is suppressed, then human life as a whole is adversely affected and remains a poor and stunted thing" (p. 235).Elder, A. E. (1935). Reviewed Work: A Common Faith by John Dewey [Review of the book A Common Faith, by John Dewey]. Philosophy, 10(38): 235-236. . However, this religious attitude is not necessarily expressed through devotion to one particular religion; Dewey argues that this faith is present in experience itself. R.S. states in his review of A Common Faith that "…the central argument, as those who are acquainted with Professor Dewey's philosophy might expect, is designed to show that religion should be detached from its supernatural associations within organized historical institutions, and widened, on the basis of its function in experience, so as to cover all devotion to ideal ends inclusive enough to integrate a whole self and arouse emotional support" (p. 584).R. S. (1934). Reviewed Work: A Common Faith by John Dewey [Review of the book A Common Faith, by John Dewey]. The Journal of Philosophy, 31(21): 584-585. . In reference to the idea of the religious in A Common Faith, Baurain states that for Dewey, "…the religious is characterized by a rejection of creeds, doctrines, rituals, and other elements of organized religion. Instead, an authentically religious attitude or orientation is existential and humanist. Moral faith rests not upon a divine Supreme Being or divinely revealed truths, but upon the dynamic potential of inquiry to discover knowledge and pursue ideals, that is, to act on experiential knowledge in order to improve life".Baurain, Bradley. (2011). Common ground with a common faith: Dewey's idea of the "religious". Education & Culture 27 (2): 74-91. Retrieved from http://docs.lib.purdue.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1268&context;=eandc. Central to this work is the idea that religious experience itself is not explicitly tied to singular religions, and that experience can and should be creatively harnessed to enrich life. According to Ralston, Dewey unified the ideal and the real under the banner of religious experience in A Common Faith so as to avoid the metaphysical dualisms implicit in most doctrinal religion: "Dewey’s union of the ideal and the real under the heading of religious likewise reflects an attempt to 'convert the ontological . . . into the logical' by showing that religious is a quality of lived experience, not of a supernatural thing, church, object of reverence, divine idol or realm of supersensible objects. To do otherwise endangers the process of inquiry by bifurcating reality into pregiven realms of religious and nonreligious objects; the former transcending the experiential conditions of the latter."Ralston, Shane. (2007). John Dewey ‘on the side of the angels’: A critique of Kestenbaum’s phenomenological reading of A Common Faith. Education & Culture 23 (2): 63-75. Retrieved from https://docs.lib.purdue.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1008&context;=eandc. However, Dewey carefully defines the difference between ‘religion’ and ‘the religious’ in the first chapter of A Common Faith. M. C. Otto traces this difference, stating of A Common Faith that "Perhaps the most arresting thing is the distinction insisted upon between religion, any religion past or present, and the religious attitude or function. This is so sharply drawn that it almost seems as if Mr. Dewey were saying that every activity in the world may take on a religious character, excepting religion" (p. 496).Otto, M.C. (1935). Reviewed Work: by John Dewey [Review of the book A Common Faith, by John Dewey]. The Philosophical Review, 44(5): 496-497. Alexander posits that "...one of the central points Dewey seeks to make in A Common Faith is that both "faith" and the religious attitude have nothing to do with "doctrines" of any sort... Dewey states explicitly that his lectures were addressed to the antireligious naturalists and humanists who, he feared, had set up a new dualism, that between "Man vs. Nature," in place of the old" (p. 356).Alexander, Thomas M. (2013). The Human Eros: Eco-ontology and the Aesthetics of Existence. New York: Fordham University Press. In this way, this common faith is a push against the strict, binding doctrines of religious creed or scientific law that suppressed creativity and lived experience, disenfranchising many. In fact, in direct reference to A Common Faith, Dewey himself states that "…my book was written for the people who feel inarticulately that they have the essence of the religious with them and yet are repelled by the religions" (quoted in Webster p. 622).Webster, R. S. (2009). Dewey's democracy as the kingdom of God on earth. Journal of Philosophy of Education 43: 615-632. Dewey utilizes the word ‘common’ in the title of this body of work, referring to the potential for religious expression and spirituality in everyone and echoing his views on democracy. Alexander states, "To see something as "common," for Dewey, is to grasp it imaginatively in terms of its possibilities for growth. Dewey's use of the word "common" should not be taken to indicate a complacent optimism based on satisfaction with things as they are now. To grasp the possibilities in the present requires creative exploration and struggle" (p. 23).Dewey, J. (2013). Terry Lectures: A Common Faith (2). T. A. Alexander (Ed.). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. Much in line with Dewey's other philosophies, Alexander goes on to say that "…a "common faith" means a faith in the potentialities of human life to become genuinely fulfilled in meaning and value, but only if those potentialities are actualized through action" (p. 21).Dewey, J. (2013). Terry Lectures: A Common Faith (2). T. A. Alexander (Ed.). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. Ultimately, in order to achieve this ‘common faith,’ Alexander states, "Dewey urges that we put the question of revealed truth aside and look at the effect such experiences have on the lives of the individuals who undergo them" (p. 24).Dewey, J. (2013). Terry Lectures: A Common Faith (2). T. A. Alexander (Ed.). New Haven, CT: Yale University Press. == References == Category:1934 books Category:Books about religion
52209969	A Blonde Dream	A Blonde Dream () is a 1932 German musical comedy film directed by Paul Martin and starring Lilian Harvey, Willy Fritsch and Willi Forst. A separate English- language version Happy Ever After was made as a co-production with Gainsborough Pictures. A French-language version was also released. It was shot at the Babelsberg Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art director Erich Kettelhut. ==Plot== Berlin at the height of the Depression at the beginning of the 1930s. The two window cleaners from the company Blitz- Blank, Willy I and Willy II, cycle back and forth through the big city from job to job, from house to house, with a ladder and washing utensils. They get along brilliantly and only clash when both are interested in the same girl. One day the blonde Jou-Jou enters her life. You see them through the window of the American Consulate General. When Jou-Jou is about to be thrown out of the house by the gruff porter, the two stand by her side as knights. Jou-Jou, who earns her living as a projectile in a traveling circus, dreams of a film career in America. A Mr. Merryman, rumored to be a major Hollywood mogul, once promised her a Hollywood film career for a fee of $25. The two Willys decide to help the girl. They take her home first so that she and her shaggy mongrel nicknamed Buffalo can have a roof over their heads. Both window cleaners live poorly but happily far from the city gates in the middle of a meadow - in two miserable but wildly romantic railway carriages that are looked after by an odd guy called 'Scarecrow'. Jou-Jou is assigned a discarded express train carriage as his own accommodation. But soon it is unmistakable that both Willy I and Willy II have their eyes on the blond dream. "Scarecrow" warns Jou-Jou that her presence here threatens to severely test the friendship of the two window cleaners. When the girl reads in the newspaper that Mr. Merryman is in Berlin, the decision seems easy and she returns to Berlin. But disillusionment follows, their 'Merryman' was a swindler! But now she suddenly faces the real Mr. Merryman. And he hires Jou-Jou – and only so that he can finally get his peace from her. Since all this damn hype about Jou-Jou and their dream of making a movie business almost destroyed Willy's friendship for both of them, Willy II bravely steps in front of the real Mr. Merryman and gives him a tongue-in-cheek tongue-in-cheek. Merryman is delighted. He could really use a guy like that who reads others the riot act and keeps annoying visitors away. From now on, Willy II is to give this speech every day as his employee - in three languages! He even releases Jou-Jou for this, who finally sinks into Willy I's arms. ==Cast== ==References== ==External links== * Category:1932 musical comedy films Category:German musical comedy films Category:Films of the Weimar Republic Category:Films directed by Paul Martin Category:1930s buddy films Category:German multilingual films Category:UFA GmbH films Category:Films produced by Erich Pommer Category:Films with screenplays by Billy Wilder Category:German black-and-white films Category:Films set in Berlin Category:Films shot in Berlin Category:1932 multilingual films Category:1930s German-language films Category:1930s German films Category:Films shot at Babelsberg Studios
52359819	A Life Time Love	A Life Time Love () is a 2017 Chinese television series starring Huang Xiaoming, Victoria Song, Sheng Yilun and Zhang Li. It is adapted from the xianxia novel Once Promised () by Tong Hua. The series aired via Dragon TV from 12 June to 7 August 2017. ==Synopsis== The story takes place in a mythological world with demons, gods, and humans cohabiting, set during the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors period. The world is split into three kingdoms - Xuan Yang, Ling Yun and Xuan Mu. Chi Yun is a war god from Ruo Jiang Tribe, a wild beast-turned-man driven by revenge, who wants to dominate and unite all living things under one ruler. His resolve is immovable until he meets Muqing Mo, a princess from the Xuan Yang Kingdom. However, Muqing Mo is betrothed by her family to Prince Sheng Lun from the Ling Yun Kingdom. Nonetheless, her heart belongs to Chi Yun. The two made a promise to meet annually under the peach blossoms of No Return Valley, where Chi Yun made Muqing Mo a promise of love, that he will give up everything, and stay by her side for the rest of their lives. Complications arise when Ah Mo's father invades Ruo Jiang in order to attain world domination. Torn between family and love, Ah Mo is forced to make some difficult choices when her kingdom clashes with Ruo Jiang numerous times, resulting in world chaos. ==Cast== ===Main=== * Huang Xiaoming as Chi Yun ** A beast god who lived in the wild. Intelligent, courageous and invincible on the battlefield, Chi Yun is known as Ruo Jiang's God of War. He is sincere and unwavering toward his love for Muqing Mo. He becomes Hao Xu's sworn brother and helps him when he ascends the throne as Xuan Mu's emperor after his father's death. * Victoria Song as Muqing Mo / Xuanyang Ruo ** Princess of Xuan Yang kingdom. Intelligent, kind and pure, she is a highly skilled healer who wishes nothing but world peace. She is forced to marry Lingyun Sheng Lun, but her heart belongs only to Chi Yun. * Sheng Yilun as Lingyun Sheng Lun ** Prince of Ling Yun kingdom, who is known for both his looks and talent. He is cold and indifferent, wanting nothing else but to make Ling Yun the most powerful kingdom. He has an arranged marriage with Muqing Mo, but vows to only treat it as a form of alliance. He ends up falling for Muqing Mo, but values his ambition over his love for her. * Zhang Li as Yun Sang ** Elder princess of the Xuan Mu kingdom. Childhood friend of Muqing Mo. She is gentle, understanding, wise, and loyal toward love and friendship. She fell in love with Jing Shi, but their relationship goes through many hurdles. In the end, to create an alliance and stop war, she marries Xuanyang Yu Chen who is already dead. ===Supporting=== ====Xuan Yang==== * Zhang Shuangli as King of Xuan Yang * Xi Yuli as Muqing Liao Ruo ** Queen of Xuan Yang. She is close childhood friends with the King of Xuan Mu and Madam Yu, and was in love with the King of Xuan Mu. * Lin Jing as Can Leishi ** Concubine of the King of Xuan Yang. Proud and arrogant, she would do anything to protect her sons, and help them rise to power. * Zhai Tianlin as Xuanyang Yu Chen ** Eldest prince of Xuan Yang. A warrior with both strength and wits, he is well respected as a leader among his peers. Despite being at odds with Sheng Lun politically, the two became the best of friends. He was later killed after being poisoned by his younger brother Jie Yi and was greatly wounded by Chi Yun. His death is kept a secret by Muqing Mo and Sheng Lun to protect his mother and brother. * Xiao Xiaobai as Xuanyang Hui ** Third prince of Xuan Yang. Can Leishi's son. He is extremely competitive and constantly tries to one-up Yu Chen. He later died in a battle between Xuan Yang and Xuan Mu. * Luo Yunxi as Xuanyang Zhi Ruo ** Fourth prince of Xuan Yang. A refined gentleman who is also bold and hot-blooded. He is very close to his sister, Muqing Mo and would do anything to protect his family. He falls in love with Yi Li and marries her. He later died in the battlefield due to a scheme. * Pu Kang as Xuanyang Jie Yi ** Ninth prince of Xuan Yang. Can Leishi's son. He grew up together with Muqing Mo, and despite having different mothers, shared a close relationship with her. However, he eventually plots against his half-siblings for the throne. He is the one who poisoned Yu Chen and forced Muqing Mo to kill him in return. * Janice Wu as Yi Li ** Leader of She River tribe, who possesses extraordinary martial arts and assassination skills. She is generous, unrestrained and passionate. She falls in love with Zhi Ruo and marries him. She later committed suicide after trying to take revenge for her husband. * Liu Fanfei as Zi Zhu ** A puppet created by Yu Chen, who later comes to life and falls in love with him. * Yang Siyuan as Chi Mo * Si Yuan as Ye Bin * Lu Jiahao as An Hua * Sun Boyang as Chen Fang * Guo Jin as Hai Xiong ** Lieutenant of Xuanyang Hui. He was saved by Yu Chen and becomes a wise general of Xuanyang. * Jin Jin as Huai Xu ** A maid sent by Yu Chen to stay by Muqing Mo's side after her marriage. ====Ling Yun==== * Li Jingrong as King of Ling Yun * Gao Ningning as Queen of Ling Yun * Chen Kaixuan as Di Yin ** Second prince of Ling Yun. An ambitious man who seeks to destroy Sheng Lun's power, and attempted multiple times to kill him and destroy his reputation. * Cui Hang as Han Yan ** Third prince of Ling Yun. He is aligned with Di Yin. * He Jiaxuan as Jian You ** Eighth prince of Ling Yun. A man with an innocent nature, he is also an avid supporter of Sheng Lun. * Shen Tai as Jing Shi ** Great general of Ling Yun and Sheng Lun's right hand man. He falls in love with Yun Sang. * Hao Zejia as Qi Nu ** A woman who loves Jing Shi, and would do anything for him. She ultimately ends up being used by Di Yin and ruined the marriage between Yun Sang and Jing Shi. ====Xuan Mu==== * Hou Changrong as King of Xuan Mu ** A kind and benevolent ruler with extraordinary healing skills. He gives the book "Xuan Mu's Hundred Grass Collection" to Muqing Mo, unofficially dubbing her his apprentice. He died due to his deteriorating health. * Lin Shijie as Hao Xu ** Prince of Xuan Mu. A gentle and refined man who is a good healer. After his father's death, he ascends the throne with the help of his elder sister Yun Sang and his sworn brother Chi Yun. He later died in the hands of Tong Zheng. * Gao Yuxin as Chang Xi ** Princess of Xuan Mu. She likes Chi Yun. She later died in the hands of Tong Zheng. * Liu Shuailiang as Kun Bu ** Great general of Xuan Mu, who is loyal to his kingdom. He was saved by Muqing Mo when he was bullied as a kid and is grateful toward her. * Tian Jiada as Tong Zheng ** Great general of Xuan Mu. Cruel, hot tempered and arrogant, he is Chi Yun's biggest rival and would stop at nothing to attain power. He frames the King of Xuan Yang for killing Hao Xu when he is the one who truly killed him. * Li Xinzhe as Xing Mang ** Great general of Xuan Mu. He is fiercely loyal to the King of Xuan Mu, and is not wavered by Tong Zheng's bribery. He was killed by Tong Zheng. * Li Xinze as Ju Ze ** General of Xuan Mu. He is aligned with Tong Zheng. ====Others==== * Zhuge Chengcheng as Madam Yu ** Childhood friend of Liao Ruo and King of Xuan Mu. She held a torch for the King of Xuan Mu since young. She is also the owner of the Jade Mountain. * Kuang Can as Xuan Yi * Molly Han as Yu * Wang Zixuan as Ye Feng ** Chi Yun's comrade, who aids him in Xuan Mu's war against Xuan Yang. * Chen Saisai as Qing He * Li Nini as Nuo Su ** Chi Yun and Muqing Mo's daughter. * Ye Shengtong as Luo Yao * Jiang Ziyan as Lie Yang ** A heavenly bird sent by Chi Yun to Muqing Mo, who later tamed it and adopted as a pet. * Li Jianxin as Storyteller * Bai Dongfeng as Wizard King ** A highly skilled healer of Ruo Jiang. * He Miao as Yan Hao ** Apprentice of the Wizard King. All the names and places from the novel have been changed to avoid breaching the regulations of SARFT. ==Production== The series is inspired from the classical novel Classic of Mountains and Seas. The series is reportedly the first drama in China to make use of the Previzion (visual camera) to achieve real-time imaging. The technique received the Emmy Award for Engineering. It also uses the combination of Bionic mechanical model and MSC digital special effects to construct the animated creatures in the series. It was filmed at Xiangshan Film City and Hengdian World Studios over a period of 288 days. == Soundtrack == ==Ratings== * Highest ratings are marked in red, lowest ratings are marked in blue Episode # Original broadcast date Average audience share (CSM52) Average audience share (National Average) Ranking in timeslot Ratings Audience share Ratings Audience share 1-3 June 12, 2017 0.57 3.711 0.15 1.22 2 4-6 June 13, 2017 0.486 2.861 0.13 0.97 2 7-9 June 19, 2017 0.577 3.678 0.16 1.24 2 10-12 June 20, 2017 0.674 4.171 0.16 1.22 2 13-15 June 26, 2017 0.653 4.104 0.19 1.42 2 16-18 June 27, 2017 0.766 4.481 0.17 1.19 2 19-21 July 3, 2017 0.7 4.122 0.17 1.21 2 22-24 July 4, 2017 0.712 4.209 0.18 1.27 2 25-27 July 10, 2017 0.649 3.717 0.2 1.34 2 28-30 July 11, 2017 0.73 4.191 0.16 1.1 2 31-33 July 17, 2017 0.737 4.184 0.2 1.31 2 34-36 July 18, 2017 0.857 5.141 0.2 1.42 2 37-39 July 24, 2017 0.721 4.355 0.15 1.1 2 40-42 July 25, 2017 0.747 4.796 0.18 1.38 2 43-45 July 31, 2017 0.622 4.924 0.17 1.18 2 46-48 August 1, 2017 0.175 2.377 \- - 3 49-54 August 7, 2017 0.491 3.247 0.13 1.04 2 Average 0.636 4 - - - ==References== ==External links== * A Life Time Love at the Internet Movie Database Category:2017 Chinese television series debuts Category:Chinese romantic fantasy television series Category:Dragon Television original programming Category:Television shows based on works by Tong Hua (writer) Category:Television series by Croton Media
52560498	A Hoax	A Hoax () is a 1936 German comedy film directed by E. W. Emo and starring Paul Hörbiger, Trude Marlen, and Hans Moser. It was shot at the National Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by Otto Erdmann and Hans Sohnle.Klaus p.177 ==Synopsis== A hotel is financially struggling until the nearby lunatic asylum is forced to close following a fire and all the patients move into her premises. Confusion arises when a new hotel guest arrives only to be mistaken for a lunatic. ==Main cast== == References == == Bibliography == * * Klaus, Ulrich J. Deutsche Tonfilme: Jahrgang 1936. Klaus-Archiv, 1988. == External links == * Category:1936 films Category:1936 comedy films Category:Films of Nazi Germany Category:German comedy films Category:1930s German-language films Category:Films directed by E. W. Emo Category:German black-and-white films Category:Tobis Film films Category:1930s German films
52638349	A Dozen Red Roses	"A Dozen Red Roses" is a song recorded by American country music artist Tammy Graham. It was released in March 1997 as the second single from the album Tammy Graham. The song reached #37 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Archie Jordan, John Greenebaum and Carrie Folks. Joan Kennedy also recorded the song on her 1997 album of the same name. ==Critical reception== A review in Billboard of Graham's version was favorable, stating that it "is a real tear jerker in the finest country tradition" while praising her voice. ==Chart performance== ===Tammy Graham=== Chart (1997) Peak position ===Joan Kennedy=== Chart (1997) Peak position Canada Country Tracks (RPM) 19 ==References== Category:1997 singles Category:1997 songs Category:Tammy Graham songs Category:Joan Kennedy (musician) songs Category:Songs written by Archie Jordan Category:Song recordings produced by Barry Beckett Category:Arista Records singles Category:Songs written by John Greenebaum
52844930	A Call for Arms	A Call For Arms is a short propaganda film made for the British Ministry of Information in 1940. It was directed by Brian Desmond Hurst and starred Jean Gillie and Rene Ray as two 'nudes' (showgirls) who do their bit for the war effort by going to work in munition factories. It was co-written by a Sgt. Terence Young who worked for Hurst on many projects before, during and after World War II. ==Plot== The film opens with the two showgirls coming across a collapsed munitions worker outside the theatre door. "Twelve hour shifts take it out of some of these young 'uns" observes a nearby news-seller. Alongside a billboard gets the message across "Latest War News. Bigger Arms, Speed up. Go For It". The plots follows one of the showgirls signing up at the Labour Exchange for munitions work and tracks her working day. Seeing her friend exhausted the other showgirl signs up. "We've got to win the war you know". ==Cast== * Jean Gillie as Irene * Rene Ray as Joan * Kathleen Harrison as Mrs. James ==References== ==External links== * Watch A Call to Arms free here Category:1940 films Category:British World War II propaganda shorts Category:Films directed by Brian Desmond Hurst Category:British short documentary films Category:1940 documentary films Category:British black-and- white films Category:1940s short documentary films
52845282	A Girl with a Temper	A Girl with Character () is a 1939 Soviet comedy film directed by Konstantin Yudin. The film featured acting debuts of Mikhail Gluzsky and Anatoly Solovyov. ==Plot== The best farm worker Katya Ivanova travels to the district center, in search of truth and the possibility of punishing the director- bureaucrat Meshkov, who collapsed the once prosperous work in the Far East animal-breeding sovkhoz. On the way to the station, Katya manages to catch and pass over a saboteur to the border guards. She then rides the train without a ticket to write a complaint, which means that she has to work as a waitress in the dining car on the way to Moscow. On the train, Katya meets a sailor Sergei, but upon arrival in Moscow they lose each other. Katya is employed as a saleswoman in a fur shop and after that at a factory of gramophone records. At the same time she actively convinces female work colleagues to go to the Far East. For a long time Sergei looks for Katya and he finally finds her. Meanwhile Katya's complaint is examined. She is appointed as the new director of the farm, instead of the dismissed Meshkov. Katya and her friend Sergei go to the Far East. ==Cast== *Valentina Serova as Katya Ivanova, worker of the Far-East animal-breeding sovkhoz *Emma Tsesarskaya as Ekaterina Ivanova, wife of the commander *Andrei Tutyshkin as Sergei Beryozkin, sailor *Pavel Olenev as Bobrik, director of the fur store *Pyotr Repnin as Tsvetkov, director of the gramophone record factory *Vsevolod Sanayev as Surkov, lieutenant of the militsiya *Aleksandr Antonov as Mehkov, director of the animal-breeding sovkhoz *Aleksandr Zhukov as train conductor *Sergei Blinnikov as manager of the dining car *Karandash as waiter *Mikhail Gluzsky as border patrol officer *Anatoly Solovyev as red army officer *Nikolai Arskiy as employee of the commissariat *Vladimir Dorofeev as huntsman *Nikita Kondratyev as photojournalist *Galina Kravchenko as mother of a lost child *Ivan Lobyzovskiy as komsomol leader of the gramophone factory *Iona Biy-Brodskiy as the lover of beer in the dining car ==Interesting Facts== *Filming of one scene took place on the Kratovskaya children's railway. *The film marks the first appearance of the famous song "To the Far East" (music by the Pokrass brothers, lyrics by Eugene Dolmatovski) by Emma Tsesarskaya and Valentin Serov. The tune "Brown Buttons" was based on the themes of this song. ==References== ==External links== Category:Films directed by Konstantin Yudin Category:Soviet comedy films Category:1939 comedy films Category:1939 films Category:Soviet black-and-white films Category:1930s Russian-language films
53017536	A Impostora	A Impostora (English: The Pretender) is a Portuguese telenovela that was broadcast and produced by TVI. It is directed by Jorge Queiroga and written by António Barreira. The telenovela premiered on September 4, 2016 and ended on November 30, 2017. It was filmed in Portugal and Africa. == Plot == === Season 1 === An airplane disappears mysteriously; on board was Verónica, the twin sister of Vitória, the victim of a fraud by a millionaire. Presumed dead, Verónica assumes the identity of her sister and plans to avenge herself on the entrepreneur's family, finding a strong opponent in his wife Diana. ==Cast== Actor Character Season 1 2 Dalila Carmo Vitória Mendes Guest Verónica Mendes colspan="2" Diogo Infante Rodrigo Varela colspan="2" Fernanda Serrano Diana Martins Varela colspan="2" Rita Cruz Yara Manhiça colspan="2" Ery Costa Samuel Matshine Alba Baptista Beatriz Martins Varela colspan="2" Ana Catarina Afonso Vanessa Soares colspan="2" Ana Cristina de Oliveira Rita Nogueira Recurring António Pedro Cerdeira Paulo de Jesus Pires (Paulinho) colspan="2" Bárbara Branco Maria Augusta Lancastre Varela (Guta) colspan="2" Carlos Vieira Rafael Vale Recurring Carloto Cotta Matias Novaes Celso Roberto Raúl Bandiza Diogo Amaral Gustavo Martins colspan="2" Diogo Costa Reis Gabriel Lopes Elisa Lisboa Maria Amélia Martins Recurring Elmano Sancho Celso Chaves Evandro Gomes Lázaro Alves (La Zer) colspan="2" Eunice Munõz Pureza Ferreira da Costa colspan="2" Fernando Luís Ricardo Varela colspan="2" Fernando Pires Valentim Costa colspan="2" Graciano Dias Daniel Figueiredo colspan="2" Gonçalo Cabral Carlos Matshine colspan="2" Helena Isabel Assunção Ferreira da Costa Lancastre colspan="2" Isaac Alfaiate Miguel Fonseca João Pedro Dantas Martim Pinto Guedes Joana Seixas Íris Machado colspan="2" Luís Lucas Renato Bettencourt Rodrigues Madalena Brandão Marta Manhiça Varela colspan="2" Manuel Wiborg Inspetor Alberto Camacho Guest Marcantónio Del Carlo Bernardo Vieira Maria José Paschoal Juliana Morgado Maya Booth Patrícia Carolino colspan="2" Melânia Gomes Vânia Tavares colspan="2" Mikaela Lupu Sofia Fontes colspan="2" Nuno Nunes Inspetor Mota Recurring Núria Madruga Felipa Ferreira da Costa Lancastre colspan="2" Patrícia Tavares Lígia Neto colspan="2" Pedro Granger Afonso Varela colspan="2" Pedro Lamares Frederico Varela Guest Pedro Teixeira Gonçalo Pereira colspan="2" Rita Salema Guilhermina Fontes «Guigui» colspan="2" Rodrigo Paganelli Dinis Martins Varela Sabri Lucas Padre Francisco colspan="2" Sandra Faleiro Carolina Ferreira da Costa Lancastre colspan="2" Simone Santos Nicole colspan="2" Sofia Aparício Adelaide Carla Pires colspan="2" Vítor Silva Costa Joaquim António Pires «Quitó» João Perry Jacinto Mendes colspan="2" Maria de Lourdes Norberto Ann Blumm colspan="2" Fernanda Lapa Amália Recurring Maria do Céu Guerra Lucrécia Alves Nicolau Breyner (†) Edmundo Gaspar Guest (†) Deceased actor ===Children=== Actor Character Season 1 2 André Carvalho Jaime Mendes (Jaiminho) colspan="2" Isabel Sousa Muzima Xavier colspan="2" ? Clara Mendes Varela (Clarinha) ==References== ==External links== * Category:2016 telenovelas Category:Televisão Independente telenovelas Category:2016 Portuguese television series debuts Category:2017 Portuguese television series endings Category:Portuguese-language telenovelas Category:Television series about twins
53037866	A Fool and His Money	A Fool and His Money may refer to: * A Fool and His Money (1912 film), a 1912 American silent film * A Fool and His Money (1920 film), a lost 1920 American silent film * A Fool and His Money (1925 film), a 1925 silent film * A Fool and His Money (1989 film), a 1989 American comedy film
53064903	A Linguistic Atlas of Early Middle English	A Linguistic Atlas of Early Middle English (LAEME) is a digital, corpus- driven, historical dialect resource for Early Middle English (1150–1325). LAEME combines a searchable Corpus of Tagged Texts (CTT), an Index of Sources, and dot maps showing the distribution of textual dialect features. LAEME is headed by the University of Edinburgh's Margaret Laing, and includes contributions from Roger Lass (University of Cape Town), and web-scripts by Keith Williamson, Vasilis Karaiskos (University of Edinburgh) and Sherrylyn Branchaw (University of California, LA). Dating from 1987, a year after the publication of A Linguistic Atlas of Late Medieval English (LALME), LAEME's parent project, LAEME builds on medieval dialect methodologies developed for LALME, but parts ways with the latter by employing corpus linguistics methods. In its present form, such methods include the lexico-grammatical tagging of a select but comprehensive Early Middle English corpus, to which an ongoing project will add syntactic parsing (see Parsed Linguistic Atlas of Early Middle English P-LAEME). Public access to a fully tagged, syntactically annotated corpus should provide unprecedented scope for phonological, lexico- grammatical, semantic, pragmatic as well as dialectal inquiry into a period marked by rapid linguistic change but also by a paucity of surviving texts. At the lexical level, further scope is added by A Corpus of Narrative Etymologies (CoNE, Version 1.1, 2013). CoNE derives a Corpus of Changes (CC) from LAEME's Corpus of Tagged Texts (CTT), giving relative chronologies of lexical forms annotated by Special Codes. CoNE's narrative etymologies are not based on semantic backtracking through cognates, but on the processual narrative of word forms through time. ==Background== Prior to the advent of modern linguistics, medieval philologists had sought to describe patterns of linguistic variation on the basis of literary language. This approach posed significant problems, as literary language was and is more likely to be imitative, archaizing, or syncretic than everyday documentary language. Texts composed in a literary tradition or copied from literary exemplars, then, are not ideal for use in reconstructing the distribution of dialect features for a given period. Nevertheless, to take the most famous Middle English instance, J.R.R. Tolkien was able to conjecture the AB literary dialect by comparing manuscripts of the Katherine Group ("B") and the Ancrene Wisse ("A"). Drawing on his personal knowledge of Old English and Old Norse, while counting and cataloging thousands of verbs by hand, Tolkien argued for a regional literary standard localized to north-west Herefordshire that preserved Old English elements into the 13th century. His culminating philological essay, Ancrene Wisse and Hali Meiðhad (1929), has been called "one of the great triumphs of English philology" but also "philology's last gasp." In the decade after this pioneering work, Middle English dialect studies went on generational hiatus. LALME, whose initial stages date to 1952, ushered in the next phase. Motivated by strong arguments for scribal normalization, historical dialectologists were no longer constrained by the unevenness of scribal fidelity. Medieval dialect studies would now rely on the relative consistency of scribal translation into a scribe's own language, while developing techniques for discriminating source from scribe. Angus McIntosh, one of LALME's compilers, "observed that most copied Middle English texts were...in language that was dialectally homogeneous,", suggesting scribal conversion of exemplar language into local varieties. Problematically, though, such varieties might not reflect the geographic areas of composition, since scribes often traveled to copying centers from far afield. This and other problems arising from the diversity of scribal practices (e.g. literam, or literal, and mischsprache, or mixed- language copying) placed a premium on texts of explicit local provenance to anchor dialectal domains. Such anchor texts, often correspondence or legal documents, form the basis of LALME's fit-technique. Michael Benskin, another LALME compiler, describes the fit-technique as a "mechanical means of discovering whereabouts in the continuum of accents [an] unfamiliar accent belongs." This is done by comparing word forms in texts of uncertain origin against like forms attested in the anchor matrix, a comparison which "depends on the progressive elimination of the areas to which the individual elements of the accent do not belong." Only frequently attested items of particular dialectal salience are so compared. In the case of LALME, these items were solicited through text questionnaires later converted into Linguistic Profiles (LPs). Questionnaires were not deemed practicable in LAEME's case, since the amount of linguistic information desired from comparatively fewer, comparatively fragmentary texts would have made them unwieldy. Instead, LAEME opted for corpus digitization. ==Corpus and tools== The period covered by LAEME is of prime grammatical and phonological interest, as the language was undergoing widespread inflectional loss from OE but at different rates in different regions. Variation within phonological categories and inflectional paradigms possess dialectal and base-grammatical significance. Emergent orthography of phonetically-variable characters yogh, thorn and edh index other changes in the language. Scribes during this period show a proportionally higher preference for literam and mixed-language copying, resulting in a higher proportion of composite texts compared to later periods. Relict usage, where older exemplar forms remain unmodified in a translated text, and constrained selection, where exemplar forms are maintained because of scribal familiarity, pose additional problems for dialectal discrimination. Students of the period must also take into account its pronounced text/speech diglossia, with the majority of texts composed in Latin or French. Because LAEME's anchor matrix is thin and patchy, its dialectal fits are informed approximations subject to revision. LAEME's texts overall are geographically and temporally uneven, extremely sparse for its first half-century and for Northern varieties in general, much denser for Southern varieties and through its latter half-century, where it begins to overlap with LALME. The above complexities and complications have obliged LAEME's architects to build the atlas around a digitized corpus of lexico-grammatically tagged texts that can be searched and compared according to the research needs of users. Instead of creating Linguistic Profiles from questionnaire responses, text dictionaries - taxonomical inventories of each text language - are derived from tagged texts. Independent searchability multiplies LAEME's usages across disciplines, as scholars and researchers can generate their own Form and Tag Dictionaries, Feature Maps, and Concordances. LAEME surpasses its remit as a dialect resource by offering a suite of multi-function linguistic tools for public use. This versatility accords with Angus McIntosh's progressive vision for LALME, which he saw as "more likely to benefit those concerned with the literature and culture and social structure of medieval England than those primarily concerned with...linguistics." An example of a multi-function LAEME tool is the Concordance. Users begin by selecting a tag type (suffixes, grammatical words, inflection, lexis), entering a search string, and then a position limiter (initial, medial, final). This search is followed by a filter set allowing users to specify counties, number of words to precede and/or proceed the search string, and sorting parameters (form, tag, date, file). Finally, users may select specific tagged forms generated by the search. Entries in the resulting concordance link to manuscript descriptions and to corresponding text dictionaries. Users are able to view contextualized instances of items indexed to coded sources available in several file types. Similar processes can be used to create Tag and Form Dictionaries with frequency counts, and to generate Feature Maps. ==References== == External links == * * "An Electronic Version of A Linguistic Atlas of Late Medieval English". www.lel.ed.ac.uk/ihd/elalme/elalme.html * "Corpus of Narrative Etymologies, v. 1.1" http://www.lel.ed.ac.uk/ihd/CoNE/CoNE.html Category:Linguistic atlases Category:Middle English
53105209	A Decent Ride	A Decent Ride is a 2015 novel by Irvine Welsh. Welsh returns to his character Terry Lawson, first introduced in Glue, this book taking place a further 10 years after the events of Porno during the 2011 Scottish Hurricane Bawbag. The book's title is a double-entendre on Lawson's sexual prowess, and his job in this novel as a taxi driver. ==Synopsis== Terry Lawson, having met writers through giving them lifts during the Edinburgh Festival, decides that a literary education will aid him in his relentless sexual escapades and help him overcome his own loss of virility. He also meets Wee Jonty—a well-endowed, nice-but-dim character, similar to Porno's Curtis—whose girlfriend Jinty Magdalen has gone missing. Lawson agrees to help track her down, his "investigations" making him question the motivations of a prominent American businessman and TV star Ronald Checker (a pastiche of Donald Trump) and his role in Jinty's disappearance. The book's narration alternates between Lawson, Jonty and Checker. ==Ronald Checker/Donald Trump== The Financial Times identified the Checker character as "a Donald Trump-esque tycoon, with a grand, possibly devious, business plan.". Welsh himself told The Washington Post that Checker was "a youthful, punkish version of Donald Trump", though the paper reflected that "as obnoxious as this character [Checker] is, he doesn’t come close to his real-world model [Trump]" Trump was prominent in Scotland at the time the novel was set, developing an environmentally controversial golf course and publicly supporting Scottish Government policies (a theme within the book) while it suited his business needs, before falling out with Alex Salmond over his support for wind turbines. The novel also imagines and implies Trump's sexual proclivities. When challenged later on his opinions of Trump, Welsh stated that Checker was "a generic kind of demagogue" but that subsequent to the novel's release that "Trump...since he lost Iowa, has become more interesting. He's like some kind of game show participant." ==Critical reception== The novel was reviewed in many newspapers. It received mixed reviews. Welsh's own website chose to cite Claire Inman of Curious Animal Magazine, who felt that "Whether your interest is piqued by the ridiculously expensive bottles of whiskey and the extraordinary lengths an American will go to own them or your heart strings are pulled by Wee Jonty’s anguished love story, there’s a multitude of ideas and human emotions that Welsh brings out among the laughter.", and a review for The Spectator, in which James Walton suggested that "Irvine Welsh is not a writer who’s mellowing with age... Welsh’s [language is an] astonishingly supple invention: one that can combine scabrousness and lyricism, comedy and ruefulness in the same paragraph... [if] you fancy an authentic and often thrilling blast of full-strength Irvine Welsh, then you’re in for a treat." However, in a review titled "Poor Writing and Penis Jokes" Stuart Kelly wrote that he "could have spent this entire review analysing Welsh’s sexual politics – but what would be the point? The tired old rebuttal is 'it’s a satire and you don’t have a sense of humour'. But listen. What’s that? It’s the sound of no one laughing. There is a faint and distant sniggering, though. If anyone parts with £12.99 for this, they’re being taken for a ride." ==References== Category:2015 British novels Category:2015 in Scotland Category:Novels by Irvine Welsh Category:Novels set in California Category:Novels set in Scotland Category:Parodies of Donald Trump Category:Jonathan Cape books
53181236	A Gentleman Friend	"A Gentleman Friend" () is a short story by Anton Chekhov originally published on 20 April (o.s. 3 May) 1886 in Oskolki (Issue No. 18), titled "A Little Bit of Pain" (Немножко боли) and signed A. Chekhonte (А. Чехонте). On 6 July (o.s. 23 June) it was reprinted, unchanged, by Novosti Dnya (Daily News). Under the new title it was included by Chekhov into Volume 1 of his Collected Works, published by Adolf Marks in 1899–1901.Polotskaya, E. A. Commentaries to Знакомый мужчина. The Works by A.P. Chekhov in 12 volumes. Khudozhestvennaya Literatura. Moscow, 1960. Vol. 4, p. 564 ==Background== The story at least to some extent came about as a response to the letter Chekhov received from Viktor Bilibin who suggested: "[What about a story about] a decent guy who finds himself broke, visits a friend to borrow money but finds it impossible to make such a request and leaves the place without asking?" ==Synopsis== A lovely young woman named Wanda"Nastasya Kanavkina by her passport...", which means 'Wanda' is an assumed name. 'Kanavkina' is a derivative from 'Kanava', 'a ditch'; a 'speaking' surname, apparently allowing the author to make an assumption as to his heroine's future. finds herself penniless after leaving a hospital. She decides to visit a man she recently met in a café (who, she mistakenly hopes, would instantly recognize her) to ask for money. The man, who proves to be a dentist, asks her to take her place in a chair and starts examining the state of her teeth. Disheartened by the lack of recognition on his behalf, as well as her own unprepossessing appearance in the mirror, she, rather than asking for money, agrees to have her bad tooth pulled out and pays her last ruble for this. Happily, next day she meets another fine gentleman in the same café, a rich merchant from Kazan, and gets her financial position reasonably improved. ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * Знакомый мужчина. Original Russian text, at Lib.ru Category:Short stories by Anton Chekhov Category:1886 short stories Category:Works originally published in Russian magazines Category:Works about prostitution in Russia
53191245	A Cancri	The Bayer designation A Cancri is shared by two stars/star systems in the constellation Cancer: * A1 Cancri (45 Cancri) * A2 Cancri (50 Cancri) ==See also== α Cancri Cancri, A Category:Cancer (constellation)
53279579	A Just Punishment	A Just Punishment is a lost 1914 silent short film directed by Edward Le Saint and starring Guy Oliver and Eugenie Besserer. ==Cast== *Guy Oliver - Bob Preston *Eugenie Besserer - Mrs. Preston *Lillian Wade - Adele, the Preston Child *Jack McDonald - Preston, the Rich Uncle ==References== ==External links== * A Just Punishment at IMDb.com * lobby poster Category:1914 films Category:American silent short films Category:Films directed by Edward LeSaint Category:Lost American films Category:Selig Polyscope Company films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1914 drama films Category:1910s American films
53337151	A Bigger Splash (1973 film)	A Bigger Splash is a 1973 British biographical documentary film about David Hockney's lingering breakup with his then-partner Peter Schlesinger, from 1970 to 1973. Directed by Jack Hazan and edited by David Mingay, it has music by Patrick Gowers. Featuring many of Hockney's circle, it includes designers Celia Birtwell and Ossie Clark, artist Patrick Procktor, gallery owner John Kasmin and museum curator Henry Geldzahler. == Analysis == It is a fly-on-the- wall documentary, intercut with fictionalised and fantasy elements. It was a groundbreaking production at the time and remains notable for its treatment of gay themes and its insights into Hockney's life and work. The film takes its title from the 1967 painting A Bigger Splash, perhaps Hockney's best-known Californian swimming pool picture and his best-known artwork at all. Hockney was initially shocked by its intimacy but later changed his mind. == Critical reception and legacy== A Bigger Splash was a critical and commercial success upon its release. It was praised for its honesty, insight, and originality. The film was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Documentary Film in 1974. It is considered a landmark film in the history of documentary filmmaking. It was one of the first films to explore gay themes in a frank and open way, and it helped to break down the stigma surrounding homosexuality. The film is also notable for its innovative use of documentary techniques, such as the use of fictionalised and fantasy elements. A Bigger Splash has been praised by filmmakers and critics alike. Martin Scorsese called it "a masterpiece" and "one of the most important films ever made about the creative process." The film has also been cited as an influence by filmmakers such as Gus Van Sant and Todd Haynes. == Home Video == A Bigger Splash was released on DVD and Blu- ray by Criterion. ==See also== * Portrait of an Artist (Pool with Two Figures), 1972 Hockney painting featured in the film. == References == ==External links== * * Category:1974 films Category:1974 documentary films Category:1970s avant-garde and experimental films Category:1970s biographical films Category:1973 LGBT-related films Category:1973 films Category:British avant-garde and experimental films Category:British biographical films Category:David Hockney Category:Documentary films about gay men Category:Documentary films about painters Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s British films Category:British LGBT-related documentary films
5341687	A Humument	A Humument: A treated Victorian novel is an altered book by British artist Tom Phillips, published in its first edition in 1970 and completed in 2016. It is a piece of art created over W H Mallock's 1892 novel A Human Document whose title results from the partial deletion of the original title: A Hum ~~an doc~~ ument. Phillips drew, painted, and collaged over the pages, while leaving some of the original text to show through in the form of erasure. Through this process, A Humument is a new story with a new protagonist named Bill Toge, whose name appears only when the word "together" or "altogether" appears in Mallock's original text. From being created over many decades, it follows a nonlinear narrative, and in recent editions Phillips has rewritten pages to include references to modern history that in part appear to be anachronistic. ==Background== When asked about the book, Phillips replied: > "It is a forgotten Victorian novel found by chance ... plundered, mined, and > undermined its text to make it yield the ghosts of other possible stories, > scenes, poems and replaced the text [he'd] stripped away with visual images > of all kinds." A Humument was begun in the 1960s. In 1970, Tetrad Press put out a small edition. The first trade edition was published in 1980 by Thames & Hudson, which also published revised editions in 1986, 1998 and 2004; the fifth edition was published in 2012. Each edition revises and replaces various pages. Phillips's stated goal was to eventually replace every page from the 1970 edition. Phillips used the same technique (always with the Mallock source material) in many of his other works, including the illustration of his own translation of Dante's Inferno, (published in 1985). The altered text has been sometimes used in "reconstructions" or "realizations" where artists create a work using the fragmentary text as a basis. For instance in the early 1970s, the Music Department at the University of York performed an opera, Irma, devised by Phillips in 1969, whose lyrics and plot were based on A Humument. Tom Phillips created a digital version of A Humument, A Humument App for the iPad, released in November 2010. The app was critically acclaimed, receiving favourable reviews in The Independent (22 Nov), Eye Magazine blog (17 Nov), and Design Observer (5 Nov). A version for the iPhone was released 17 January 2011. A 'final' printed edition, extensively reworked by Phillips, was published by Thames & Hudson in 2016,Tom Phillips, A Humument: A Treated Victorian Novel. Final Edition. London: Thames and Hudson. and reviewed by Clare Pettitt in the Times Literary Supplement."Strange labour", Times Literary Supplement, 31 March 2017, pp. 10-11 ==Notes== == External links == *Tom Phillips' official web site *Full online presentation of the 1970 edition *Adam Smyth, "Double Act," London Review of Books, 11 October 2012 (review of fifth edition). Category:Artists' books Category:1970 books Category:Experimental literature Category:Thames & Hudson books
53424798	A Crime to Remember	A Crime to Remember is an American documentary television series that airs on Investigation Discovery and premiered on November 12, 2013. It tells the stories of notorious crimes that captivated attention of the media and the public when they occurred, such as the United Airlines Flight 629 bombing from 1955. As of the 2018 season, the series has aired 38 episodes over five seasons. All 30 episodes from the first four seasons are currently streaming on Hulu. The complete season 4 and 5 episodes are currently available on Amazon Prime Video. All episodes of the series are available through the ID GO app and the Discovery+ streaming service. The series was officially renewed for Season 5 as of March 29, 2017, and the season began airing February 10, 2018. ==Contributors== Episodes feature interviews with surviving friends and relatives, as well as surviving investigators, journalists who covered the cases, and true crime experts and authors. Prior to her 2016 death, author and True Crime Diary blogger Michelle McNamara, wife of Patton Oswalt, was a frequent contributor to the series, a role thereafter filled by Karen Kilgariff from podcast My Favorite Murder. The producers honored McNamara at the start of Season 4's finale: "This season of A Crime to Remember is dedicated to our friend Michelle McNamara". ==Production== Each episode is treated as a mini movie, and is filmed and edited as a motion picture is. ==Awards and nominations== Seasons 1, 2 and 4 won News & Documentary Emmy Awards for Outstanding Lighting Direction & Scenic Design. Season 3 was Emmy- nominated in the same category. ==Episodes== Episode dates are from TVGuide.com. ===Season 1 (2013)=== ===Season 2 (2014)=== ===Season 3 (2015)=== ===Season 4 (2016–2017)=== ===Season 5 (2018)=== ==References== ==External links== * Episode guide on TVGuide.com * Series home page on InvestigationDiscovery.com * Series virtual reality page on CrimeFeed.com * Category:2013 American television series debuts Category:2010s American documentary television series Category:Investigation Discovery original programming Category:English-language television shows Category:True crime television series Category:2018 American television series endings
53433435	A Kind Revolution	A Kind Revolution is the thirteenth studio album by English singer-songwriter Paul Weller, released 12 May 2017. It contains a collaboration with Robert Wyatt in the song "She Moves with the Fayre". ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *P.P. Arnold - Backing Vocals (1) *Madeline Bell - Backing Vocals (1) *Boy George - Lead Vocals (8) *Jessica Cox - Strings (4,7,8,10) *Steve Cradock - Acoustic Guitar (6), Electric Guitar (1-3,7), Percussion (7) *Andy Crofts - Electric Guitar (1,3,6,9,10), Bass Guitar (1,2,5,6,8,10), Organ (9), Hammond (2,3,6,7), Philicorda (1,2), Moog (2,8), Mini Moog (5), Backing Vocals (1-10) *Paloma Deike - Strings (3,4,7,8,10) *Ben Gordelier - Drums (1-10), Percussion (1-4,6,7,9,10) *Jan Stan Kybert - Keyboards (1), Programming (5,8) *Josh McClorey - Electric Guitar (8), Lead Guitar (1,2,9), Moog (9) *Steve Pilgrim - Acoustic Guitar (5,8), Backing Vocals (1,2,4,5,8-10) *Charles Rees - Drums (4) *Jon Scott - Trumpet (6) *Amy Stanford - Strings (4,7,8,10) *Laura Stanford - Strings (3,4,7,8,10) *Chris Storr - Trumpet (6) *Phil Veacock - Saxophone (2), Tenor Saxophone (6), Baritone Saxophone (6) *Hannah Weller - Backing Vocals (5) *Paul Weller - Lead Vocals (1-10), Acoustic Guitar (3,6,10), Electric Guitar (1,2,4-10), Bass Guitar (1,3,4,7,9), Piano (1,3-10), Hammond (1,3,5,9), Mellotron (4), Keyboards (5), Synths (7), Harmonium (6), Glockenspiel (9), Backing Vocals (3,5,7-10) *Alistair White - Trombone (6) *Robert Wyatt - Vocals (4), Trumpet (4) ==Charts== Chart Peak position ==References== Category:2017 albums Category:Paul Weller albums Category:Parlophone albums
53756721	A Doll's House, Part 2	A Doll's House, Part 2 is a 2017 play written by Lucas Hnath. The play premiered at the South Coast Repertory, in April 2017, before transferring to Broadway at the John Golden Theatre. The play "picks up after Henrik Ibsen's 1879 play A Doll's House concludes".Gans, Andrew. "Laurie Metcalf and Chris Cooper Will Star in Broadway’s 'A Doll's House, Part 2'" Playbill, October 7, 2016 ==Productions== The play was commissioned by South Coast Repertory in Costa Mesa, California, where it was directed by Shelley Butler in April 2017.A Doll's House Part 2 scr.org, retrieved April 7, 2017 The play opened on Broadway on April 27, 2017, after previews, which began on March 30, 2017, at the John Golden Theatre. The Broadway production was directed by Sam Gold and the cast featured Laurie Metcalf, Chris Cooper, Jayne Houdyshell, and Condola Rashād. McPhee, Ryan and Clement, Olivia. "Read Reviews for Broadway’s 'A Doll's House, Part 2' " Playbill, April 27, 2017 This marked Hnath's Broadway debut.McPhee, Ryan. "Laurie Metcalf, Chris Cooper & More Will Bring Lucas Hnath's 'A Doll's House, Part 2' to Broadway" broadway.com, September 6, 2016 - Internet Archive copy "A Doll's House, Part 2 Announces Closing Date" dated 06.09.2017 retrieved 26.06.2021 The Broadway production had been extended to January 7, 2018, past the original 16-week limited engagement closing in July. washingtonpost.com, retrieved August 3, 2017 However, it was announced on September 6, 2017 that the production would close on September 24, 2017.Peikert, Mark. " 'A Doll's House, Part 2' Announces Closing Date" Playbill, September 6, 2017 Metcalf, Cooper, and Rashād exited the production on July 23. They were replaced by Julie White as Nora, Stephen McKinley Henderson as Torvald, and Erin Wilhelmi as Emmy. The Melbourne Theatre Company is scheduled to present the Australian premiere, featuring Marta Dusseldorp, opening in August 2018. A production directed by James Macdonald and starring Noma Dumezweni is scheduled to run 10 June 2022 - 6 August 2022 at the Donmar Warehouse. ==Overview== The play, set in 1894, concerns Nora, who had left her family and then returns after 15 years. The play examines the "rules of society and gender."Luppi, Kathleen. "South Coast Repertory celebrates 20th Pacific Playwrights Festival" Los Angeles Times, April 11, 2017 ==Characters== *Nora Helmer *Torvald Helmer *Emmy Helmer, the daughter of Nora and Torvald *Anne Marie, the Helmer family's nanny ==Synopsis== The play begins with a knock on the door — the same door that was slammed shut fifteen years earlier when Nora exited at the end of Ibsen’s play. Nora has returned, and it is she who is knocking. After leaving her husband, children, and the nursemaid, Nora became a successful feminist novelist. The reason for her return is to finalize a divorce from Torvald; she needs him to sign the legal papers. Nora is questioned about what she has been doing, and the family and the nursemaid express their recriminations of her.Brantley, Ben. Review: A Sequel Asks, Who’s Knocking on the Door at ‘A Doll’s House’? The New York Times. APRIL 27, 2017Als, Hinton. LUCAS HNATH’S LEAP OF FAITH INTO “A DOLL’S HOUSE”. The New Yorker. May 8, 2017.Schulman, Michael. THE FEMINIST CONSULTANTS FOR “A DOLL’S HOUSE, PART 2” The New Yorker. May 22, 2017. ==Awards and nominations== Laurie Metcalf was nominated for the 2017 Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Actress in a Play, and Jayne Houdyshell was nominated for Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play.McPhee, Ryan. " 'Hello, Dolly!', 'Come From Away', and 'Anastasia' Lead 2017 Drama Desk Award Nominations" Playbill, April 27, 2017 The play was nominated for the 2017 Outer Critics Circle Awards: Outstanding New Broadway Play, Outstanding Actress in a Play (Laurie Metcalf) and Outstanding Featured Actress in a Play (Jayne Houdyshell)."outer Critics Circle Nominations Announced" broadwayworld.com, April 25, 2017 The play received eight 2017 Tony Award nominations: Best Play, Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Play (Chris Cooper), Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play (Laurie Metcalf), Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Role in a Play (Jayne Houdyshell and Condola Rashād), Best Direction of a Play (Sam Gold) and Best Costume Design of a Play (David Zinn).Staff. "2017 Tony Award Nominations: 'The Great Comet' and 'Hello, Dolly!' Lead the Pack" Playbill, May 2, 2017 Metcalf won the 2017 Tony Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role in a Play.“Illinois native Laurie Metcalf wins Tony Award for best actress”. ABC Eyewitness News. June 11, 2017 ==References== ==External links== * Category:2017 plays Category:American plays Category:Adaptations of works by Henrik Ibsen Category:Fiction set in 1894 Category:Plays set in the 19th century
5377857	A Dictionary of Maqiao	A Dictionary of Maqiao () is a novel written by Chinese writer Han Shaogong. It was first published in 1996 and was translated into English by Julia Lovell in 2003. Yazhou Zhoukan selected it as one of the top 100 greatest Chinese novels in the 20th century. The novel is set in Maqiao, a village in Hunan province, China. It is written in the form of a dictionary, or more accurately, encyclopedia. It collects 115 ‘articles’ on Maqiao village life from the perspective of a young student sent there by the Down to the Countryside Movement. These ‘articles’ cohere into a story. After the book was published, some critics claimed that was an imitation of Milorad Pavić's novel, Dictionary of the Khazars. The author, Han Shaogong, claimed never to have read Pavić's work. He brought a defamation case against the critics and won this case in 1999 at Haikou. ==References== ==External links== * Complete Review of A Dictionary of Maqiao Category:Novels about the Cultural Revolution Category:1996 Chinese novels Category:Novels set in the 1960s Category:Novels set in Hunan
54056561	A Ciambra	A Ciambra () is a 2017 Italian drama film directed by Jonas Carpignano. It was screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival. At Cannes in won the Europa Cinemas Label Award. It was selected as the Italian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 90th Academy Awards, but it was not nominated. It is the second in the director's trilogy set in a Calabrian town, following Mediterranea (2015) and followed by A Chiara (2022). ==Plot== Fourteen-year-old Pio Amato idolizes his older brother in their small Romani community in Calabria. Challenges mount after his older brother disappears. ==Cast== * Pio Amato as Pio Amato * Koudous Seihon * Damiano Amato as Cosimo ==Reception== On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 90% based on 58 reviews, and an average rating of 7.1/10. On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 70 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". ==See also== * List of submissions to the 90th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film * List of Italian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film ==References== ==External links== * Category:2017 drama films Category:2017 films Category:Films scored by Dan Romer Category:Italian drama films Category:2010s Italian-language films Category:2010s Italian films
54145816	A Hymn to God the Father	"A Hymn to God the Father", also titled "To Christ", is a poem by English poet and clergyman John Donne. It is one of his Divine Poems. Its date of composition is unknown. ==Overview== The poem was set to music by Pelham Humfrey in the 17th century and posthumously published in Harmonia Sacra, Book 1 (1688). A typical performance takes about 3 minutes.A performance on You Tube His setting has been included in 10 hymnals, under such other titles as its opening line, "Wilt Thou Forgive That Sin, Where I Begun", but without always crediting him as composer, or Donne as the author of the words. Another slightly earlier setting of the poem of about the same time was that by John Hilton.A performance on You Tube In the 20th century there were several more settings, both for chorus and individual performer.Lieder.net The poem starts with Donne asking God whether He will forgive the sins committed even before his birth, referring to the doctrine of original sin. That pardoned, he adds that God's task is not complete for there is more to be forgiven. He amplifies in the second stanza that in addition there are the sins, witnessing which, others were tempted to sin themselves; his sins of backsliding are also included. In the final stanza Donne accuses himself of the sin of fear that he will still be lost, unless God confirms His promise that His son will shine upon him at his death. In the repeated line "When thou hast done, thou hast not done", the poet puns upon his own surname. But in the third line, "thou hast don(n)e", he pledges his faith in the Divine Redeemer. ==Discography== * 1951Alfred Deller (countertenor) and Geraint Jones (organ); arranged by Michael Tippett and Walter Bergmann, HMV C.4144 * 1966John Shirley-Quirk (bass-baritone) and Martin Isepp (piano) * 1995Paul Agnew (tenor) and Christopher Wilson (lutes) * 1995 Ian Bostridge (tenor) and Graham Johnson (piano); in the realisation by Benjamin Britten ==References== Category:1688 poems Category:17th-century hymns Category:Poetry by John Donne Category:Musical settings of poems by John Donne Category:Compositions by Pelham Humfrey Category:English Christian hymns
54197670	A Deeper Understanding	A Deeper Understanding is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band The War on Drugs. It was released on August 25, 2017, through Atlantic Records. The album was mixed by engineer Shawn Everett. The album won Best Rock Album at the 60th Annual Grammy Awards. ==Reception== A Deeper Understanding received acclaim from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 81, based on 33 reviews, indicating universal acclaim. According to Marcy Donelson of AllMusic, A Deeper Understanding "reclaims and explores the distinctive soundscapes, vastness, and haunted psyche of Lost in the Dream, and that in itself is significant." On the same site, in a readers' poll by users it was ranked as the #1 album of 2017. Mark Richardson of Pitchfork noted similarities with mid-'80s rock, stating it is "also a fascinating study in influence; it’s hard to think of a band with more obvious touchstones that also sounds so original." Michael Bonner of Uncut Magazine described it as "some of the richest, most compelling and least lonely-sounding music of Granduciel’s career". In a less enthusiastic review for Slant Magazine, Josh Goller noted "the album's lyrics, however, can’t match this same level of musical precision, and Granduciel too often repeats the same vague sentiments using threadbare imagery." The album's title was influenced by Kate Bush's song with the same name. It was nominated for International Album of the Year at the 2018 UK Americana Awards. At the 60th Annual Grammy Awards, A Deeper Understanding won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Album. ===Accolades=== Publication Accolade Rank Drowned in Sound Favourite Albums of 2017 Exclaim! Top 20 Pop & Rock Albums of 2017 The Independent The 30 Best Albums of 2017 NME NME's Albums of the Year 2017 Pitchfork The 50 Best Albums of 2017 RIOT Mag RIOT's Albums Of The Year 2017 Stereogum The 50 Best Albums of 2017 Uncut 75 Best Albums of 2017 Vinyl Me, Please The 30 Best Albums of 2017 ==Track listing== All words by Adam Granduciel. All music by Granduciel, except where noted. ==Personnel== The War on Drugs * Robbie Bennett – Prophet 12 , piano , celeste , backing vocals , Hammond Organ , Rhodes , Baldwin Organ * Adam Granduciel – vocals , LinnDrum , samplers , Yamaha CS-5 , piano , electric guitars , Wurlitzer , Mellotron , Hammond Organ , E70 Organ , Nashville guitars , acoustic guitars , lead electric guitars , vibes , celeste , Juno 106 , synthesizers , bass guitar , Korg Trident , harmonica , percussion , Arp Solina , Prophet 5 , PolyKorg , drums , Vox Jaguar , Roland Juno-60 , organ , tape loops , Vox Organ * Charlie Hall – drums , percussion , backing vocals , electric guitar , vibes * Dave Hartley – bass guitar , glockenspiel , acoustic guitar , backing vocals , fretless bass , Höfner bass * Anthony LaMarca – electric guitar , slide guitar , backing vocals , drums , acoustic guitar * Jon Natchez – baritone saxophone Additional musicians * Patrick Berkery – drums , percussion * Michael Bloch – electric rhythm guitar , electric guitar * Meg Duffy – slide guitar * Max Hart – Prophet 6 , Oberheim Expander , pedal steel * Otto Hauser – drums, percussion * Darren Jesse – drums, percussion * Michael Johnson – Arp Odyssey * Josh Kauffman – amplified voice , electric guitar * Parker Kindred – percussion * Sterling Laws – drums, percussion * Lucius (Jess Wolfe and Holly Laessig) – backing vocals * Carter Tanton – acoustic guitar * The Dove & The Wolf (Louise Hayat & Paloma Gil) – backing vocals Technical * Adam Granduciel – production, recording * Shawn Everett – recording, mixing * Nick Krill, Daniel Schlett, Nicolas Vernhes, Gabe Cox Wax and Jeff Zeigler – additional recording * Greg Calbi – mastering at Sterling Sound Studios Artwork and design * Adam Granduciel – art direction * Rob Carmichael – art direction, design * Shawn Brackbill – center booklet photograph * Dusdin Condren – photography ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2017) Peak position Spanish Albums (PROMUSICAE) 9 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2017) Position Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 10 Dutch Albums (MegaCharts) 50 US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 76 Chart (2018) Position Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 22 Chart (2019) Position Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 102 Chart (2020) Position Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 182 ==Certifications== ==References== Category:2017 albums Category:The War on Drugs (band) albums Category:Albums produced by Adam Granduciel Category:Atlantic Records albums Category:Grammy Award for Best Rock Album Category:Albums recorded at Electro-Vox Recording Studios
5421527	A Life in the Theatre	A Life in the Theatre is a 1977 play by David Mamet. It focuses on the relationship between two actors, the play's only characters. One, Robert, is a stage veteran while John is a young, promising actor. As the play goes on they are involved in a variety of productions, and gradually their relationship begins to change. ==Production history== It was first produced in the US at the Goodman Theatre, Chicago, Illinois, in February 1977, with Mike Nussbaum and Joe Mantegna and directed by Gregory Mosher."A Life in the Theatre" production note, history" , theatrewesternsprings.com, accessed February 22, 2009 It was revived at the Goodman in March 2006, directed by Artistic Director Robert Falls."Images of production" goodmantheatre.org, accessed February 22, 2009 "'A Life in the Theatre' 2006" goodmantheatre.org, accessed October 25, 2015 The play premiered Off-Broadway at the Lucille Lortel Theatre (then the Theatre De Lys) in October 1977 through July 1978, with Ellis Rabb as Robert and Peter Evans as John and directed by Gerald Gutierrez.Off- Broadway listing, 1977 production lortel.org, accessed February 22, 2009. It was again produced Off-Broadway at the Jewish Repertory Theatre in February 1992 through March 1992, with F. Murray Abraham as Robert and Anthony Fusco as John.Off-Broadway Database listing, 1992 production lortel.org, accessed February 22, 2009 It was the featured play at UCSC's Shakespeare Santa Cruz summer festival in 1986, with Trevor Baxter and Paul Whitworth. Notable UK productions include a run at London's Apollo Theatre, from February 2 to April 30, 2005 with Patrick Stewart as Robert and Joshua Jackson playing John,Loveridge, Lizzie. "Review:A Life In the Theatre", curtainup.com, February 3, 2005 and an Edinburgh Fringe production in 2008 by Schadenfreude Productions, with David Cann as Robert and Jonathan Rhodes as John. Another revival featuring Patrick Stewart and T.R. Knight and directed by Neil Pepe began performances on Broadway in a limited engagement, opened officially on October 12, 2010 for a 15-week run, through January 2, 2011.Hetrick, Adam and Jones, Kenneth. "Mamet's 'A Life in the Theatre' Sets Broadway Opening and Closing Dates" playbill.com, July 12, 2010 However, after mixed critical reviews and low box office returns, the show closed on November 28, 2010 after 24 previews and 56 regular performances.Gans, Andrew and Jones, Kenneth. "David Mamet's 'A Life in the Theatre' Closes on Broadway Nov. 28" Playbill, November 28, 2010 Opened for a three-week run on January 31, 2019 at The Arctic Playhouse. ==Adaptations== The play was first adapted into a 1979 television film A Life in the Theatre, with Peter Evans and Ellis Rabb reprising their roles from the 1977 Off-Broadway production. The play was adapted into another television movie in 1993. The teleplay was written by David Mamet. It was directed by Gregory Mosher, and starred Matthew Broderick and Jack Lemmon. ==References== ==External links== * *A Life In The Theatre Official Website Category:1977 plays Category:Plays by David Mamet
5425341	A Letter of Mary	A Letter of Mary is the third in the Mary Russell mystery series of novels by Laurie R. King. This is the first case that Mary Russell and Sherlock Holmes work on together as husband and wife. The story features a cameo by Lord Peter Wimsey. ==Plot summary== In August 1923, Mary Russell and husband Sherlock Holmes receive an unexpected visit from Dorothy Ruskin, an elderly amateur archeologist from the Holy Land, who met the couple four and a half years earlier during the events from O Jerusalem (novel). As a gift, Ruskin presents Russell with an inlaid box containing a papyrus scroll, which seems to be a genuine first-century letter by Mary Magdalene. When she returns to London that evening, Ruskin is killed in a hit-and-run accident with only two witnesses. When Holmes and Russell visit London to identify the body, they discover evidence of foul play. Before her murder, Ruskin had argued with a sponsor of the digs, Colonel Dennis Edwards. A letter from her sister Mrs. Erica Rogers, who cares for their aged mother, reveals that two Middle Eastern visitors were also looking for Ruskin after her visit home. Finally, Holmes and Russell find their Sussex home ransacked by three suspects who were looking for papers, perhaps for Mary’s papyrus scroll. When Russell translates Mary’s letter, she finds that Mary calls herself an apostle of Jesus, and contemplates the theological and historical implications. Three distinct suspects and possibilities emerge: Colonel Edwards, who did not know he was sponsoring a woman’s project, could have been enraged to violence; the Middle Eastern visitors may have been from a Palestinian family with a grudge against Ruskin; and Rogers was resentful toward her sister, though according to Ruskin’s will, she does not benefit from Ruskin’s early death. To pursue each different line of investigation, the four split their forces: Mycroft Holmes looks into the Middle Eastern visitors, Holmes goes into Erica Rogers’s employ, while Inspector Lestrade directs the efforts of the police, and Russell finds work as Colonel Edwards’s secretary. In Colonel Edwards’s employ, Russell grows to like the colonel but is repelled by his misogyny as well as Gerald, his lecherous son. She also finds strong evidence of the colonel's antagonism against Ruskin, but nothing more incriminating. After a week of investigations, Russell, Mycroft, and Lestrade have little to show, but Holmes has succeeded in finding parts of the car that killed Ruskin, salvaged from scraps sold by Jason Rogers, Erica Rogers’ grandson. Holmes also produces a letter from Ruskin to Rogers, implying that Erica Rogers is suffering from a mental illness. Building the case, Holmes then persuades Russell to use the hypnotization techniques practiced on her as a child after her family’s death on one of the witnesses to Ruskin’s murder. Russell’s efforts help unlock memories of that evening, and the witness identifies Jason Rogers as the perpetrator. However, when Erica Rogers is brought in, she discerns that the authorities have little solid evidence and no motive, and refuses to cooperate. Frustrated, Holmes and Russell return home to brood over the case, searching for a hidden motive. Russell recalls that Ruskin had complimented Holmes’s hands and his ability to solve puzzles, bringing both of them to realize the box she left them with may have a hidden compartment. Holmes successfully opens it to reveal another will that Ruskin had drawn up leaving all her money to the archeological digs. Upon hearing of the changed will, Erica Rogers suffers a massive stroke and Jason Rogers commits suicide, while their third accomplice is brought to justice. Holmes deduces that Erica Rogers had masterminded the entire plot to keep most of their family's fortune from going to the archeological digs, and suspected her sister of lodging a will with Holmes, thus precipitating the ransacking of the Sussex home. In the epilogue, Russell states that Mary’s letter will not be published until after her death, and hopes that her heirs will find a world more accepting of the letter and its contents. == External links == * Category:1997 novels Category:Historical mystery novels Category:Mary Russell (book series) Category:Sherlock Holmes pastiches Category:Fiction set in 1923 Category:Novels set in the 1920s Category:Novels set in Sussex Category:Mary Magdalene
54317905	A Horse Walks into a Bar	A Horse Walks into a Bar () is a novel by Israeli author David Grossman. First published in Hebrew in 2014 by Ha'kibbutz Ha'meuchad as , the book was translated into English by Jessica Cohen, and published in the UK by Jonathan Cape in November 2016 and in the US by Alfred A. Knopf in February 2017."Funny man", The Economist, 5 November 2016. The title is derived from a common bar joke. Set in a stand-up comedy show in Israel that takes place over just two hours, the novel recounts the tale of a comic who faces a personal crisis while performing his routine, leading to a series of candid and chilling revelations about his past. The novel won the 2017 Man Booker International Prize. The judges said they had been "bowled over by Grossman's willingness to take emotional as well as stylistic risks". __TOC__ ==Plot== A Horse Walks into a Bar is narrated by a retired district court judge, Avishai Lazar, who is invited out of the blue by a local comedian to attend his show, a stand-up routine in a bar in the Israeli coastal town of Netanya. The judge and the comedian, 57-year-old Dovaleh Greenstein, who trades on divisive and offensive jokes, knew each other as boys, but have had no contact for over 40 years. Lazar asks Greenstein what the point is of the invitation. "I want you to look at me," Greenstein tells him. "I want you to see me, really see me, and then afterward tell me." "Tell you what?" asks Lazar. "What you saw," Greenstein replies. Greenstein is haunted by past decisions that detrimentally affected his close personal relationships, and he is in a state of deterioration while performing.Greenblatt, Stephen (20 April 2017). "The King of the Bitter Laugh", The New York Review of Books. ==Critical reception== Following its translation by Jessica Cohen (who had collaborated with Grossman on his previous work, Falling Out of Time), the novel was released to critical acclaim among English-speaking audiences. Michael Schaub noted how the novel saw Grossman taking many risks, with "every one of them pay[ing] off spectacularly well", and praised the author's timing in the novel, which transpires over only two hours. The Guardian described the work as an "unexpected delight", declaring that Grossman had written "a novel for our new Age of Offence", given the propensity of people to easily take offence. Meanwhile, the New York Times stated that Grossman "has left a trail of blood and sweat on the page that only a true master – a Lenny Bruce, a Franz Kafka – could dream of replicating". NPR described the novel as "unsettling and mesmerizing", noting the novel's candid elocution as "not as much about comedy as it is about witness". The translation won the 2017 Man Booker International Prize, with Grossman and Cohen sharing the £50,000 (US$) prize winnings. The award was shared in accordance with the altered rules of the prize, which grant equal credit to the author and the translator. ==References== Category:2014 novels Category:21st-century Israeli novels Category:Novels by David Grossman Category:Novels set in Israel Category:Works about comedians Category:International Booker Prize-winning works
54334687	A Better Tomorrow 2018	A Better Tomorrow 2018 (), is a Chinese action film directed by Ding Sheng and starring Wang Kai, Ma Tianyu, Wang Talu, Yu Ailei, Lam Suet and Wu Yue. In this remake of John Woo’s 1986 classic, director Ding Sheng delivers a similar story but with a different setting. Filming took place in a seaside location in the Northern Chinese city of Qingdao, and Japan. The film was invited to be the closing film at the CinemAsia Film Festival in Netherlands on March 11, 2018. Also, the film had screenings at Osaka Asian Film Festival in Japan, Newcastle International Film Festival in United Kingdom, and Far East Film Festival in Italy. A Better Tomorrow 2018 premiered in China on January 18, 2018. ==Synopsis== Zhou Kai (Wang Kai) heads a smuggling ring that ships goods from a coastal Chinese city to Japan. He has a younger brother, idealistic rookie cop Zhou Chao (Ma Tianyu), who knows nothing about his shady dealings. When Kai’s refusal to turn to narcotics creates a rift in the team, the insidious Rubberband sets Kai up on a deal that ends with his arrest. Three years later, Kai is released from prison and tries to live a quiet, humble life with his former partner-in-crime, Mark (Wang Talu). However, the unforgiving eyes of his brother and society at large stop him at every step. When Kai’s former criminal associates force Kai to return to the game, Kai, Mark and Chao are put on a collision path that will end in violence. ==Cast== == Music == The film score was written and composed by Lao Zi and Dou Peng, and performed by China National Symphony Orchestra and International Master Philharmonic Orchestra. == Release == The film premiered in China on January 18, 2018. The following are the release dates for each region. Released Date Region Title Distributor(s) China 英雄本色 2018 Beijing Jingxi Tourism Development Co. Ltd. Huoerguosi Enlight Media Singapore A Better Tomorrow 2018 Clover Films Canada A Better Tomorrow 2018 Asia Releasing H Collective United States A Better Tomorrow 2018 Asia Releasing H Collective Australia A Better Tomorrow 2018 China Lion Film Distribution New Zealand A Better Tomorrow 2018 China Lion Film Distribution Vietnam Bản Sắc Anh Hùng 2018 Beta Media Philippines A Better Tomorrow 2018 ABS-CBN Film Productions Fiji A Better Tomorrow 2018 Asia Releasing H Collective Hong Kong 英雄本色 2018 China 3D Digital Distribution Taiwan 英雄本色 2018 Deepjoy Picture South Korea 영웅본색 4 Kidarient Corp. Thailand โหดเลวดี 2018 Hollywood (Thailand) Co., LTD. The following are the released date for each festival. Released Date Region Festival Title Note Ref(s) Japan Osaka Asian Film Festival 男たちの挽歌 2018 Special Screening Netherlands CinemAsia Film Festival A Better Tomorrow 2018 European Premiere Closing Film United Kingdom Newcastle International Film Festival A Better Tomorrow UK Premiere Italy Far East Film Festival A Better Tomorrow 2018 Italian Premiere ===Home media=== A Better Tomorrow 2018 with Chinese subtitle was released on Digital HD on March 2, 2018, and A Better Tomorrow 2018 with English subtitle was released on Blu-ray and DVD on March 29, 2018. ==Reception== ===Box office=== A Better Tomorrow 2018 grossed US$10,067,151 worldwide, including (US$9,969,143) in China. It made during its opening weekend in China. ===Critical response=== A Better Tomorrow 2018 received mixed reviews. Idarklight of Cfensi, in her positive review of the film, wrote "From some of the boldest music choices to drastic switches in tone of cinematography to one of the most interesting shootout scenes in a while, A Better Tomorrow 2018 felt like a firework so bursting with life that it left me too busy savoring every minute details of brilliance to think about its flaws. You can just feel how much love and thought director Ding Sheng and the cast put into every scene. Even all the jokes avoid lazy one-liners but instead are all carefully set-up earlier to land perfectly." Pablo A. Tariman of Star Cinema praised the film and wrote, "The film delivers as a crime- action flick. The actors give their characters an earthy feel and they remain unscathed all throughout the bloodshed saga." Conversely, LP Hugo of Asia Film Strike gave the film a negative review, wrote "A solid crime drama on its own terms, A Better Tomorrow 2018 can however not sustain comparison with the original. But despite a wavering tone, some heavy-handed references, it still manages to introduce interesting variations, and benefits from Wang Kai’s charisma." Sean Gilman of MUBI Notebook Column, wrote "There’s nothing especially unusual about a bland, over-edited and undercooked crime movie. And without the A Better Tomorrow connection Ding Sheng’s film would barely be noticed among the sea of mediocrity that is mainstream Mainland cinema." ===Accolades=== A Better Tomorrow 2018 received two nominations at the 4th Annual International Jackie Chan Action Movie Week, one for Best Movie Stunt and one for Best New Actor In Action for Wang Talu. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2018 films Category:Chinese action films Category:Chinese crime drama films Category:2010s crime drama films Category:Sparkle Roll Media films Category:Films directed by Ding Sheng Category:Yakuza films Category:2018 drama films Category:2010s Mandarin-language films Category:2010s Japanese films
543433	A League of Their Own	A League of Their Own is a 1992 American sports comedy-drama film directed by Penny Marshall that tells a fictionalized account of the real-life All- American Girls Professional Baseball League (AAGPBL). It stars Tom Hanks, Geena Davis, Madonna, Lori Petty, Rosie O'Donnell, Jon Lovitz, David Strathairn, Garry Marshall and Bill Pullman. It was written by Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel from a story by Kelly Candaele and Kim Wilson. A League of Their Own was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $132.4 million worldwide and garnering acclaim for Marshall's direction and the performances of its ensemble cast. In 2012, the Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".King, Susan. "National Film Registry selects 25 films for preservation " Los Angeles Times (December 19, 2012) ==Plot== In 1988, Dottie Hinson attends the opening of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League exhibit at the Baseball Hall of Fame. She sees many former teammates and friends, prompting a flashback to 1943. When World War II threatens to shut down Major League Baseball, Chicago Cubs owner Walter Harvey persuades his fellow owners to bankroll a women's league. Ira Lowenstein is put in charge. Scout Ernie Capadino attends an industrial-league softball game in Oregon and likes what he sees in Dottie, the catcher for a local dairy. She is not interested; she is happy with her life while waiting for her husband Bob to return from the war. Her younger sister Kit Keller, however, is desperate to get away and make something of herself. Capadino is unimpressed by Kit's batting and refuses to watch her pitch, but agrees to take her along if she changes Dottie's mind. Dottie agrees for her sister's sake. Dottie and Kit travel to Harvey Field in Chicago for the tryout. They meet taxi dancer Mae "All the Way Mae" Mordabito and her best friend, bouncer Doris Murphy, soft-spoken right fielder Evelyn Gardner, illiterate left fielder Shirley Baker, pitcher/shortstop and former Miss Georgia beauty queen Ellen Sue Gotlander, left field/relief pitcher Betty "Spaghetti" Horn, second baseman Marla Hooch, first baseman Helen Haley, and Alice "Skeeter" Gaspers. They and five others constitute the Rockford Peaches, while 48 others make up the Racine Belles, Kenosha Comets, and South Bend Blue Sox. The Peaches are managed by former star Cubs slugger Jimmy Dugan, a cynical alcoholic. He initially treats the whole thing as a joke, forcing Dottie to take over as on- field leader initially. Dugan is also abrasive toward his players. The team travels with Evelyn's spoiled bratty son Stillwell and tightly wound team chaperone Miss Cuthburt. With a Life magazine photographer in the stands, Lowenstein begs the players to do something spectacular, as the league has attracted little attention. Dottie obliges, catching a popped-up ball behind home plate while doing a split. The resulting photograph makes the magazine cover. A publicity campaign draws more people to the ballgames, but the owners remain unconvinced. The teammates bond. Marla marries a man named Nelson whom she met on a raucous roadhouse outing and leaves the team for the rest of the season, Mae teaches Shirley to read, and Evelyn writes a team song. Lowenstein makes Dottie the face of the league, making Kit resentful. Their sibling rivalry intensifies, resulting in Kit's trade to the Racine Belles. The Peaches end the season with the league's best record, qualifying for the World Series. Jimmy gives Betty a telegram informing her that her husband was killed in action in the Pacific Theater. Grief-stricken, she leaves the team. That evening, Dottie receives a surprise when Bob shows up, having been wounded and discharged from the Army. Jimmy discovers that Dottie is going home with Bob. Unable to persuade her to play in the World Series, he tells her she will regret her decision. The Peaches face the Belles in the World Series, which goes the full seven games. Dottie rejoins the Peaches for the seventh game, while Kit is the starting pitcher for the Belles. With the Belles leading by a run in the top of the ninth, Dottie drives in the go-ahead run. Kit is distraught, but gets a second chance when she comes to bat with two outs in the bottom of the ninth. She gets a hit and, ignoring the third base coach's sign to stop, scores the winning run by knocking her sister over at the plate and dislodging the ball from Dottie's hand. The sellout crowd convinces Harvey to give Lowenstein the owners' support. After the game, the sisters reconcile before Dottie leaves with Bob. In the present, Dottie is reunited with the other players, including Kit, Capadino and Lowenstein. The surviving Peaches sing Evelyn's team song and pose for a photo. During the closing credits, they play baseball at Doubleday Field. ==Cast== ===Rockford Peaches=== * Tom Hanks as Jimmy Dugan (manager) * Geena Davis as Dorothy "Dottie" Hinson (#8, catcher/assistant manager) ** Lynn Cartwright as Older Dottie * Madonna as "All the Way" Mae Mordabito (#5, center field) ** Eunice Anderson as Older Mae * Lori Petty as Kit Keller (#23, pitcher) ** Kathleen Butler as Older Kit * Rosie O'Donnell as Doris Murphy (#22, third base) ** Vera Johnson as Older Doris * Anne Ramsay as Helen Haley (#15, first base) ** Barbara Pilavin as Older Helen * Megan Cavanagh as Marla Hooch (#32, second base) ** Patricia Wilson as Older Marla * Freddie Simpson as Ellen Sue Gotlander (#1, shortstop/pitcher) ** Eugenia McLin as Older Ellen Sue * Tracy Reiner as Betty "Spaghetti" Horn (#7, left field/relief pitcher) ** Betty Miller as Older Betty * Bitty Schram as Evelyn Gardner (#17, right field), mother of Stillwell "Angel" * Renée Coleman (credited as Renee Coleman) – Alice "Skeeter" Gaspers (#18, left field/center field/catcher) ** Shirley Burkovich as Older Alice * Ann Cusack as Shirley Baker (#11, left field) ** Barbara Erwin as Older Shirley * Robin Knight as Linda "Beans" Babbitt (shortstop) * Patti Pelton as Marbleann Wilkinson (second base) * Kelli Simpkins as Beverly Dixon (#4, outfield) * Connie Pounds-Taylor as Connie Calhoun (Outfield) ===Others=== * Jon Lovitz as Ernie Capadino, AAGPBL scout * David Strathairn as Ira Lowenstein, AAGPBL general manager ** Marvin Einhorn as Older Ira * Garry Marshall as Walter Harvey, candy bar mogul and AAGPBL founder (based on Philip K. Wrigley) * Julie Croteau as Helen Haley on the field (baseball double for Anne Ramsay) * Bill Pullman as Bob Hinson, Dottie's husband * Téa Leoni as Racine first base * David L. Lander as the Game Announcer * Janet Jones as Racine pitcher * Don S. Davis as Charlie Collins, Racine manager * Eddie Jones as Dave Hooch, Marla's father * Justin Scheller as Stillwell Gardner, Evelyn's son ** Mark Holton as Older Stillwell * Pauline Brailsford as Miss Cuthburt, Rockford chaperone * Rae Allen as Ma Keller * DeLisa Chinn-Tyler in an uncredited role as the Black woman who threw the ball back to Davis in an memorable scene. ==Production== ===Development=== Director Penny Marshall was inspired by the 1987 TV documentary A League of their Own, about the AAGPBL. She had never heard of the league, and contacted the film's creators, Kelly Candaele and Kim Wilson, to collaborate with the scriptwriters, Babaloo Mandel and Lowell Ganz, on producing a screenplay for 20th Century Fox. Fox eventually passed on the script and Marshall signed with Sony Pictures, who were eager to produce it. === Casting === On MLB Network's Costas at the Movies in 2013, director Penny Marshall talked about her initial interest in Demi Moore for the part of Dottie Hinson: "Demi Moore, I liked, but by the time we came around, she was pregnant." Debra Winger was then cast as Dottie and spent three months training with the Chicago Cubs in preparation. However, she dropped out of the production four weeks before the start of principal photography, later saying that the casting of Madonna was the reason for her decision. Marshall chose Geena Davis to replace Winger. USC assistant baseball coach Bill Hughes was the film’s technical adviser and put the film’s ensemble cast through baseball camp three months before filming. ===Filming=== Principal photography began July 10, 1991. Filming the game scenes involved many physical mishaps: Anne Ramsay (Helen Haley) broke her nose with a baseball mitt while trying to catch a ball, and the large bruise seen on actress Renée Coleman's thigh was real. Discussing the skirts they wore playing in the film, Geena Davis said on MLB Network's Costas at the Movies in 2013, "Some of our real cast, from sliding into home, had ripped the skin off their legs. It was nutty." In a 2021 interview, Petty claimed to have broken her foot during filming, but reiterated her enjoyment of the shoot and the understanding of the film's importance at the time. The tryout scene, at a fictional Major League Baseball stadium in Chicago called Harvey Field, was filmed at the Chicago Cubs' home stadium, Wrigley Field. The Rockford Peaches' home games were filmed at League Stadium in Huntingburg, Indiana, and the championship game against Racine was filmed at Bosse Field in Evansville, Indiana. Additional games were filmed at Jay Littleton Ball Park in Ontario, California. The final week of shooting was during late October 1991 in Cooperstown, New York, where 65 original AAGPBL members appeared in scenes recreating the induction of the league into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1988. Due to the length of the schedule, the cast entertained themselves by putting on an elaborate amateur production, "Jesus Christ Superstar Goes Hawaiian." ===Soundtrack=== A League of Their Own soundtrack was released on CD and cassette tape by Columbia Records on June 30, 1992. The album peaked at #159 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart on July 25, 1992.A League of Their Own soundtrack - The Billboard 200. Retrieved June 7, 2015. Although Madonna contributed "This Used to Be My Playground" to the film, featured over the closing credits, her recording was not included on the soundtrack album for contractual reasons. ==Reception== ===Box office=== A League of Their Own was released on July 1, 1992, and grossed $13.2 million in its first weekend, finishing second at the box office behind Batman Returns. In its second weekend it dropped just 15%, making $11.5 million and finishing first. It ended up a commercial success, making $107.5 million in the United States and Canada, but only $24.9 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $132.4 million against a production budget of $40 million. ===Critical response=== The film was well received by critics, who praised the cast. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, it holds an approval rating of 81% based on 79 reviews, with an average score of 7/10. The website's critical consensus reads: "Sentimental and light, but still thoroughly charming, A League of Their Own is buoyed by solid performances from a wonderful cast." On Metacritic, the film received a weighted average score of 69 based 21 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A−" on an A+ to F scale. Vincent Canby of The New York Times wrote: "Though big of budget, A League of Their Own is one of the year's most cheerful, most relaxed, most easily enjoyable comedies. It's a serious film that's lighter than air, a very funny movie that manages to score a few points for feminism in passing." Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave it 3 out of 4 stars and wrote: "The movie has a real bittersweet charm. The baseball sequences, we've seen before. What's fresh are the personalities of the players, the gradual unfolding of their coach and the way this early chapter of women's liberation fit into the hidebound traditions of professional baseball." ===Accolades=== On December 19, 2012, it was announced that A League of Their Own would be preserved in the United States National Film Registry. Jimmy Dugan's (Tom Hanks) remark to Evelyn Gardner (Bitty Schram), "There's no crying in baseball!", was ranked 54th on the American Film Institute's 2005 list AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes. ==20th anniversary Blu-ray edition== A League of Their Own was released as a 20th Anniversary Edition Blu-ray on October 16, 2012. 47 former AAGPBL players reunited in New York to celebrate the film and the real women who inspired it. Events included a trip to Cooperstown for a special program at the National Baseball Hall of Fame, reminiscent of the film's final scene depicting AAGPBL players and family meeting to honor the Women's Professional Baseball League. The reunion wrapped up with a game of softball held at Alliance Bank Stadium in nearby Syracuse. Former players also made an appearance at Bosse Field in Evansville, Indiana on June 6, 2012, where many of the film's game scenes were filmed. Bosse Field still retains many of the Racine Belles themes from the movie. The event included an outdoor screening of the film, and a display of cars featured in the film. In addition to Bosse Field, the production used Huntingburg, Indiana's League Stadium, another Southwestern Indiana field older than Bosse, that was renovated for it. ==Spinoffs== A short-lived series of the same title based on the film aired on CBS in April 1993, with Garry Marshall, Megan Cavanagh, Tracy Reiner, Freddie Simpson, and Jon Lovitz reprising their roles. Carey Lowell took over Geena Davis's role. Only five of the six episodes made were broadcast. On August 6, 2020, Amazon Video ordered a reboot series with the same title as the movie. The series debuted on August 12, 2022 on Amazon. On March 14, 2023 it was announced that the rebooted series would end with a four-episode second season bringing the total number of episodes of the series to twelve after having aired eight episodes in its first season. ==See also== * Women in baseball * List of baseball films ==References== ==External links== * * * * * ESPN.com – Page 2 – Reel Life: 'A League of Their Own' Category:1992 films Category:1990s sports comedy-drama films Category:All-American Girls Professional Baseball League Category:American baseball films Category:American sports comedy-drama films Category:Columbia Pictures films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s feminist films Category:Films about women's sports Category:Films adapted into television shows Category:Films directed by Penny Marshall Category:Films produced by Robert Greenhut Category:Films scored by Hans Zimmer Category:Films set in 1943 Category:Films set in 1988 Category:Films set in Chicago Category:Films set in Colorado Category:Films set in Illinois Category:Films set in Indiana Category:Films set in New York (state) Category:Films set in Oregon Category:Films set in Wisconsin Category:Films set on the home front during World War II Category:Films with screenplays by Babaloo Mandel Category:Films with screenplays by Lowell Ganz Category:Sports films based on actual events Category:United States National Film Registry films Category:Films about sisters Category:American female buddy films Category:1990s female buddy films Category:Women's baseball Category:1990s American films
54431983	A History of Ireland in 100 Objects	A History of Ireland in 100 Objects was a joint project by The Irish Times, the National Museum of Ireland, and the Royal Irish Academy to define one hundred archaeological or cultural objects that are important in the history of Ireland. The objects are single man-made artefacts or documents, excluding buildings, ranging in date from about 5,000 BC (Mesolithic) to the early 21st century. Most of the objects are held in accessible collections in the Republic of Ireland or Northern Ireland. Details of the hundred objects, written by Irish Times journalist Fintan O'Toole, were initially serialized in The Irish Times between February 2011 and January 2013. In February 2013 a book about the hundred objects written by O'Toole, entitled A History of Ireland in 100 Objects, was published, and it quickly became a best-seller with 35,000 free downloads. In January 2017 An Post announced that a selection of the 100 objects would form the subjects for the 9th definitive postage stamp series for Ireland, to be issued over a period of five or six years from 2017. The first set of stamps featuring twelve of the objects were issued in January 2017, consisting of eight different SOAR (Stamps on a Roll) stamps with various values (€0.05 to €7.50), a range coil stamps, and a national (N) and an international (W) rate stamp booklet. ==List of Objects== Objects for which there is a specific Wikipedia article are given in bold type. Image Number Object Date Location Postage stamp Reference 1 Mesolithic fish trap c. 5000 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology, Dublin Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 2 Ceremonial axehead 3600 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 3 Neolithic bowl c. 3500 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 4 Flint macehead 3300–2800 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 5 Neolithic bag 3800–2500 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 6 Basket earrings c. 2300 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 7 Pair of gold discs 2200–2000 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 ('N' rate) 100px 8 Coggalbeg gold hoard 2300–2000 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 100px 9 Bronze Age funerary pots 1900–1300 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 100px 10 Tara torcs c. 1200 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 100px 11 Mooghaun hoard c. 800 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology, and British Museum 100px 12 Gleninsheen gorget c. 800–700 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 ('W' rate) 100px 13 Castlederg bronze cauldron 700–600 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 ('N' rate) 60px 14 Iron spearhead 800–675 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 15 Broighter boat c. 100 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 (SOAR) 100px 16 Old Croghan Man 362–175 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology Set 1, 2017 ('N' rate) 100px 17 Loughnashade horn c. 100 BC National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 18 Keshcarrigan bowl early-1st century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 19 The Corleck Head 1st to 2nd century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 20 Petrie crown 2nd century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 21 Cunorix stone 460–75 In situ 22 St Patrick's Confessio 21 c. 460–90 Trinity College, Dublin 100px 23 Mullaghmast stone 500–600 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 24 St Patrick's bell c. 7th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 25 Springmount wax tablets late-6th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 26 Ballinderry Brooch c. 600 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 27 Donore handle 700–20 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 28 Book of Kells c. 800 Trinity College 100px 29 Tara brooch 8th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology O'Toole, Fintan. "A history of Ireland in 100 objects: Tara Brooch, eighth century". The Irish Times, 3 September 2011. Retrieved 26 March 2022 100px 30 Ardagh chalice 8th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 31 Derrynflan paten late-8th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 32 Moylough Belt-Shrine 8th or 9th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 33 Rinnegan Crucifixion Plaque 8th or 9th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 34 Tall cross late-9th century Monasterboice, County Louth 100px 35 Oseberg ship c. 815 Museum of Cultural History, Oslo, Norway 36 Ballinderry sword mid-9th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 37 Decorated lead weights c. 900 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 38 Roscrea Brooch late-9th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 39 Slave chain late-9th or early-10th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 40 Silver cone mid-10th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 41 Carved crook early-11th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 42 Breac Maodhóg late-11th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 43 Clonmacnoise Crozier 11th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 44 Cross of Cong early-12th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 45 'Strongbow's tomb' 12th century Christ Church Cathedral, Dublin 46 Laudabiliter papal bull 1155 National Library of Ireland, Dublin 47 Figure of a horseman 13th century National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 48 Domhnach Airgid c. 1350 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 100px 49 Waterford charter roll 1215–1373 Medieval Museum, Waterford 50 Two coins 1280s and 1460 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 100px 51 Processional cross 1479 National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 52 Magi Cope c. 1470 Medieval Museum, Waterford 100px 53 De Burgo-O'Malley chalice 1494 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 100px 54 Kavanagh charter horn 12th and 15th centuries National Museum of Ireland – Archaeology 55 Gallowglass gravestone 15th or 16th century Gaelic Athletic Association Museum, Dublin 56 Book of Common Prayer 1551 Royal Irish Academy, Dublin 57 Salamander pendant c. 1588 Ulster Museum, Belfast 58 Morion late-16th century National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 59 Leac na ríogh 10–15th century Near Cookstown, County Tyrone 60 Wassail bowl late-16th century Ulster Museum 61 Deposition on atrocities 1641 Trinity College 62 O'Queely chalice 1640 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History, Dublin 100px 63 Fleetwood cabinet c. 1652 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History (now National Gallery of Ireland) 64 Books of Survey and Distribution mid-17th century National Archives of Ireland, Dublin 100px 65 King William's gauntlets c. 1690 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 100px 66 Crucifixion stone 1740 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 67 Conestoga wagon 18th century Ulster American Folk Park, County Tyrone 68 Wood's halfpence 1722 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 69 Dillon regimental flag 1745 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 70 Rococo candlestick c. 1745 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 71 Engraving of linen-makers 1782 Ulster Museum 72 Cotton panel 1783 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 73 Pike 1798 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 74 Act of Union blacklist early-19th century National Library of Ireland 75 Penrose decanter late-18th century National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 76 Robert Emmet's ring 1790s National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 77 Wicker cradle 19th–20th centuries National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 78 Daniel O'Connell's 'chariot' 1844 Caherdaniel, County Kerry 79 Stokes 'tapestry' 1833–53 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 80 'Captain Rock' threatening letter 1842 National Library of Ireland 81 Empty cooking pot 19th century National Museum of Ireland – Country Life 82 Emigrant's teapot late-19th–mid-20th century National Museum of Ireland – Country Life, County Mayo 100px 83 William Smith O'Brien gold cup 1854 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 84 Parnell silver casket 1844 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 85 Carlow Cathedral pulpit 1899 Carlow County Museum, County Carlow 86 Youghal lace collar 1906 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 87 Gaelic Athletic Association medal 1887 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 100px 88 Reclining Buddha late-19th century National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 89 Titanic launch ticket May 1911 Ulster Folk and Transport Museum, County Down 90 River Clyde lamp 1915 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 91 James Connolly's shirt 1916 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 92 Rejected coin design 1927 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 93 Boyne coracle 1928 National Museum of Ireland – Country Life 94 Eileen Gray chair 1926 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 95 Emigrant's suitcase 1950s National Museum of Ireland – Country Life 96 Washing machine 1950s Irish Agricultural Museum, County Wexford 97 Bloody Sunday handkerchief 1972 Museum of Free Derry, Derry 98 Intel microprocessor 1994 National Science Museum at Maynooth, County Kildare 99 Anglo Irish Bank sign 2000–2011 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History 100 Decommissioned AK-47 2005 National Museum of Ireland – Decorative Arts and History ==See also== * A History of the World in 100 Objects ==Further reading== * ==References== ==External links== * A History of Ireland in 100 Objects, a selection (1-95 complete) * A History of Ireland in 100 Objects: Follow the Trail Category:Historiography of Ireland Category:Historical objects
5446503	A House on a Street in a Town I'm From	A House on a Street in a Town I'm From is the debut studio album by Australian alternative rock band, The Panics. It was released in August 2003, on LittleBIGMAN Records. A number of the songs on this album are re-recorded after appearing on the band's two previous EPs. The majority of the songs were recorded in Manchester during their 2002 tour. Laffer said "Well the studio we were in most of the time was this old bunker under a block of terraced houses and it was really old and dusty and we squeezed in and just tried our best to rock out. I thought back to the studios we'd bummed around in Perth and how people are always talking about the gear and how they want to upgrade to an international standard and they've got these pristine clean places. They're great I guess if you're making TV commercials but if you're capturing a song it's about standing around and playing it and getting that one take which is fantastic and you can't do that in those environments. That's why most of the records we did here we rented a house and just stood in the bedrooms and plugged in and we can't do it any other way. When you sing it's kind of easier if you've got a beer and if you want to have a cigarette while you're doing it, you don't want to be in some hospital atmosphere with the dollar signs clicking over in your head. That's one thing I hate about commercial studios but people get different results in different ways. Ours has been to take our time and do it with friends a lot of the time in our own space." The woman who features on the album cover is lead singer Jae Laffer's grandmother. Laffer said "We just had a cool photo and we thought one day we'd just like to make that into a record cover... People will talk about our 'sun-drenched sound' and you know they've been looking at the covers which is fine but most importantly we wanted to have that really cool Australiana-type feel to it and be proud of that." In May 2020, the album was re-released to streaming media. Laffer said "Listening to it now I hear big ideas, I hear the band sounding really great but I also hear myself regularly struggling on the microphone, my mind was often in another place and I hadn't yet learnt to relax into the moment, I just closed my eyes and whatever came out was what we went with. Still, that was very much an honest recording of where we were." ==Reception== The album was hailed as Album of the Year by several Triple J presenters and generated critical acclaim around Australia and internationally. UK based music webzine, Drowned in Sound, in May 2003 stated "Jae Laffer sounds like a teenage Marc Bolan/David Bowie and guitarist Drew Wootton a deserved successor to John Square". UK Teletext stated The Panics were a "classical take on West Coast sunshine pop ala Byrds via Simon and Garfunkel and The Doves". ==Track listing== All tracks by Paul Otway, Jae Laffer, Myles Wootton, Drew Wootton and Julian Grigor. # "This Day Last Year" – 5:17 # "Don't Be Kind" – 3:56 # "How's It Feel" – 3:25 # "Out Like a Light" – 5:20 # "Kid You're a Dreamer" – 3:20 # "Monkeys in the Hallway" – 1:56 # "More Than You Wanted to Know" – 3:38 # "My Brilliant Career" – 4:16 # "(Happy Ending)" – 3:15 # "Silence on the Street" – 3:56 # "Give Me Some Good Luck" – 3:48 # "Only a Thought" – 3:53 # "Fire on the Hill" – 4:44 # "I Give In" – 3:37 ==Release history== Country Date Format Label Catalogue Australia August 2003 CD littleBIGMAN big3 Various 1 May 2020 streaming littleBIGMAN ==References== Category:2003 debut albums Category:The Panics albums
54630121	A Game without Rules	A Game without Rules (Czech: Hra bez pravidel) is a 1967 Czechoslovak action crime film directed by Jindřich Polák. The movie is about a policeman Málek who kills a robber in self-defense and leaves police to investigate on his own. ==Plot== Shop manager Kubát and his assistant Litera are injured in a robbery. Policeman Málek investigates the robbery. He believes that Litera is involved in the robbery. Two robbers crash their car and one of them dies. The other one is shot by Málek who tracks him down. Málek is unable to find jewellery or to prove Litera's involvement and quits police. He becomes a taxi driver but keeps investigating the case. ==Cast== * Svatopluk Matyáš as Málek * Jiří Adamíra as Litera * Zdeněk Kryzánek as Burian * Karla Chadimová as Alena * Vladimír Menšík as Pepi * Josef Bláha as Klement * František Šťastný as Franta * Jan Tříska as Duda ==References== ==External links== * Category:1967 films Category:1960s action drama films Category:Czechoslovak drama films Category:1960s Czech-language films Category:Czech action drama films Category:Czech crime drama films Category:Film noir Category:1967 crime drama films Category:1960s Czech films Category:Czech neo-noir films
54666217	A Heart Beats for You	A Heart Beats for You () is a 1949 German romance film directed by Joe Stöckel and starring Rudolf Prack, Annelies Reinhold and Franz Loskarn.Bock & Bergfelder p. 374 The film was shot in 1944, and was due for release in 1945 but did not premiere before the end of the war. Like several other Nazi-era films it was given a delayed release. It was made at the Bavaria Studios in Munich. The film's sets were designed by the art director Kurt Dürnhöfer and Max Seefelder. ==Cast== * Rudolf Prack as Martin Hellwanger, Bauer * Annelies Reinhold as Regina, seine Frau * Franz Loskarn as Lois, Großknecht * Kurt Baumann-Grandeit as Peter, Knecht * Klaramaria Skala as Gertraud, Magd * Paula Braend as Großdirn * Edeltraud Schenk as Vroni, Kucheldirn * Michl Lang as Hagbauer, Bürgermeister * Hannes Keppler as Erlhofer * Karl Skraup as Vinzenz Haunstetter, Pfannenflicker * Martha Kunig-Rinach as Maria Haunstetter * Ludwig Meier as Der kleine Andreas * Alfred Pongratz as Vollmershauser, Holzhändler * Emil Matousek as Michael - sein Sohn * Thea Aichbichler as Monika, seine Frau * as Wiesmatinger - ein alter Bauer ==See also== * Überläufer == References == ==Bibliography== * Bock, Hans-Michael & Bergfelder, Tim. The Concise Cinegraph: Encyclopaedia of German Cinema. Berghahn Books, 2009. == External links == * Category:1949 films Category:1940s romance films Category:German romance films Category:West German films Category:1940s German-language films Category:Films directed by Joe Stöckel Category:Bavaria Film films Category:Films shot at Bavaria Studios Category:German black-and-white films Category:1940s German films
54729927	A Family (2017 film)	A Family () is a 2017 Italian drama film directed by . It was screened in the main competition section of the 74th Venice International Film Festival. ==Cast== * Micaela Ramazzotti as Maria * Patrick Bruel as Vincenzo * Fortunato Cerlino as Dr. Minerva * Marco Leonardi as Pietro * Matilda De Angelis as Stella * Ennio Fantastichini as Giorgio ==Reception== ===Critical response=== On review aggregator website Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating to reviews, the film has a weighted average score of 31 out of 100, based on 4 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews." ==References== ==External links== * Category:2017 films Category:2017 drama films Category:Italian drama films Category:2010s Italian-language films Category:Films about surrogacy Category:2010s Italian films Category:Italian pregnancy films
54792798	A Cosmic Rhythm with Each Stroke	A Cosmic Rhythm with Each Stroke is an album by trumpeter Wadada Leo Smith and pianist Vijay Iyer which was released in March 2016 on ECM Records. ==Reception== At Metacritic, that assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 82, based on seven reviews, which indicates "universal acclaim". Thom Jurek in his review for Allmusic says that: They also selected it as one of their Favorite Jazz Albums of 2016. In The Guardian, John Fordham gave this album four stars and says that: ==Track listing== ECM Records – ECM 2420. ==Personnel== *Vijay Iyer – piano, fender rhodes, electronics *Wadada Leo Smith – trumpet ==References== Category:2016 albums Category:Vijay Iyer albums Category:Wadada Leo Smith albums Category:ECM Records albums Category:Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
54814182	A Killing Affair	A Killing Affair may refer to: * A Killing Affair (1977 film), a television crime drama film starring Elizabeth Montgomery and O. J. Simpson * A Killing Affair (1986 film), a drama film starring Peter Weller
5481481	A Boy in France	“A Boy in France” is an uncollected work of short fiction by J. D. Salinger which appeared in the 31 March, 1945 issue of The Saturday Evening Post .Wenke, 1991 p. 167: Selected BibliographySlawenski, 2010 p. 126 The story is the second part of a trio of stories following the character Babe Gladwaller. The first story is "Last Day of the Last Furlough", and the third is "The Stranger". "A Boy in France" is one of the few Salinger war stories which deals directly with combat conditions. The setting is at the front, as Babe, hunkered down in a foxhole, tries to comfort himself by rereading a letter from his sister. The bond between Babe and Matilda anticipates the relationship between Holden Caulfield and his younger sister Phoebe in Salinger's later novel The Catcher in the Rye.Slawenski, 2010 p. 116-119: Plot summary ==Publication== First submitted in 1944 as "What Babe Saw, or Ooh-La- La!", the story was then reworked and first published in The Saturday Evening Post, March 31, 1945. It subsequently appeared in the 1946 collection Post Stories 1942–45, edited by Ben Hibbs. The Saturday Evening Post republished the story in its July/August 2010 issue as a memorial to Salinger. There is some doubt that such a republication would have been possible were Salinger still alive. ==Plot summary== The protagonist of the story is Babe Gadwaller, identified only as “a boy in France” until the end of the piece. The story starts with Babe finishing his canned army rations. He makes small talk with a comrade and looks for a fox hole to rest in. He silently prays that he will not be hit for not digging his own trench, but he is in too much discomfort to dig one himself. He finds a "kraut hole" with a bloody blanket still there. He settles into the hole and tries to get comfortable in the confined space. When he is bitten by a red ant he tries to slap the offending insect and is painfully reminded of a fingernail he lost earlier in the day. He then plays a childish mindgame, imagining his finger healed, his body clean and well- clothed, safe and at home "with a nice, quiet girl". After reading a newspaper clipping and tossing it away, Babe re-reads a letter from his sister Matilda for the "thirty-oddth" time. She asks him over and over if he is in France. Their mother trusts (hopes against hope) that he is still safe in England but Matilda has guessed the truth, that her brother is in harm's way. She also keeps him updated on recent happenings at home (including her opinion of two of his former girlfriends, Jackie and Frances, both mentioned in "Last Day of the Last Furlough"), and wishes that he will come home soon.Slawenski, 2010 p. 116-119: Plot summary ==Characters== *Babe: In each of the three stories he is markedly different. *Matilda: She is the only other character featured in each story of the trilogy and is Babe's little sister. Her love and innocence helps Babe to hold on to his humanity. This sibling relationship is a popular theme in Salinger stories, seen also in "For Esmé—with Love and Squalor" and The Catcher in the Rye. ==Style and theme== As a means of conveying the “psychological turmoil” suffered by Babe, the “interior monologue is encased within the account of a detached third-person narrator. Salinger thereby conveys Babe’s mental disarray within a framework of realistic action.”Wenke, 1991 p. 1920: The story “presents psychological turmoil within a fixed dramatic setting.” Literary critic John Wenke provides an example in the following passage: Babe fabricates “a compensatory fantasy future” while lying in bloodied and stinking “Kraut hole]].”Wenke, 1991 p. 20-21 Slawenski, 2010 p. 116-117 He conjures up an attractive woman, who emerges through a portal to read to him from the works of Emily Dickinson and William Blake. Wenke, 1991 p. 21 Using a first-person retrospective narrative, Salinger alerts the reader that, despite Babe’s life-threatening circumstances, he survives his ordeal. Wenke, 1991 p. 20: The account “guarantees the narrator’s survival…” Slawenski, 2010 p. 118: “The message of this story hinges on two poems Babe longs to hear above all else. One is “ The Lamb” by William Blake and the other is " I Never Saw a Moor" by Emily Dickinson...” == Footnotes == == Sources == *Slawenski, Kenneth. 2010. J. D. Salinger: A Life. Random House, New York. *Wenke, John. 1991. J. D. Salinger: A Study of the Short Fiction. Twaynes Studies in Short Fiction, Gordon Weaver, General Editor. Twayne Publishers, New York. Category:Short stories by J. D. Salinger Category:1945 short stories Category:Works originally published in The Saturday Evening Post
5488794	A Few Small Repairs	A Few Small Repairs is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Shawn Colvin. It was released on October 1, 1996 by Columbia Records. ==Background== A Few Small Repairs is a concept album about divorce, as Colvin's marriage was ending. At the time of the album's release, she had relocated to Austin, Texas. The album cover consists of a painting by Colvin's friend Julie Speed of a three-eyed woman with a lit match, which inspired Colvin to write the song "Sunny Came Home". Colvin found the painting so arresting that she knew she wanted to use it as the cover before the songwriting and recording were done. ==Singles== A Few Small Repairs was supported by four singles. The album's biggest single, released in 1997, was "Sunny Came Home", which peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 7, and topped the Adult Contemporary, Adult Top 40, and Top 40 Adult Recurrents charts the same year. Another notable song from the album was "Nothin' on Me", which peaked at number 24 on Billboards Adult Top 40 chart. The song was also used on Suddenly Susan as its theme song from 1997 to 2000. Colvin appeared on the show in the second season episode Ready ... aim ... Fong!. She performed the song on the show. ==Reception== ===Critical reception=== ===Commercial performance=== A Few Small Repairs peaked at number 39 on the Billboard 200 chart. ===Awards=== Grammy success came to Colvin two years after the release of A Few Small Repairs. In the 1997 Grammy Awards, she was nominated for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance award for "Get Out of This House" and Best Pop Album for A Few Small Repairs. At the next year's Grammy Awards, Colvin was nominated for Song of the Year and Record of the Year for "Sunny Came Home". She won both awards (sharing Song of the Year with Leventhal). As Colvin was about to begin her speech after winning Song of the Year, rapper Ol' Dirty Bastard stormed the stage protesting his loss of an award that same night, saying, "...I don't know how you all see it, but when it comes to the children, Wu-Tang is for the children..." leading him to be escorted off stage. Colvin then began her speech, remarking, "I'm confused now!" ==Track listing== ===Notes=== * "What I Get Paid For" does not appear on North American pressings of the album, therefore reducing the number of tracks to 12. ==Personnel== Credits adapted from the liner notes of A Few Small Repairs. ;Musicians *Shawn Colvin – All vocals (2, 5–8, 12), lead vocals (1, 3–4, 9–10, 13), background vocals (4), acoustic guitar (tracks 1, 5, 8–10, 12–13), additional guitars (6), piano (7), handclaps (2) *Chris Botti – trumpet (4) *Bob Carlisle – French horn (3) *Rick Depofi – tenor saxophone (4), clarinet (7), bass clarinet (3), piccolo flute (9), recorder instrument (9) *Larry Farrell – trombone (3–4) *Danny Ferrington – background vocals (4) *Tony Kadlek – flugelhorn (3) *John Leventhal – All guitars (2), electric guitar (12), additional guitars (1, 3–6, 8–10, 12–13), pedal steel guitar (6), mandolin (1), keyboards (1–5, 8–10, 12–13), organ played by (6), violin (1), additional percussion (1, 3–6, 8–10, 13), harmonica (2, 4), background vocals (4, 9, 13) *Lyle Lovett – harmony vocals (3) *Kate Markowitz – harmony vocals (1, 4), background vocals (4) *Eugene Moye – cello (2, 7–8) *Judith Owen – harmony vocals (10) *Mark Plati – bass played by (4) *Sandra Park – violin (2, 7–8) *Shawn Pelton – drums (1–6, 8–10, 13), percussion (2, 4–5) *Michael Rhodes – bass guitar (1, 3, 6, 9–10) *Robert Rinehart – viola (2, 7–8) *Carol Webb – violin (2, 7–8) ;Production *Scott Ansell – additional recording engineer *Joe Blaney – recording engineer *Malcolm Burn – record producer (11) *Bob Clearmountain – audio mixing *Paul Dieter – additional recording engineer *Bill Emmons – assistant recording engineer *Ryan Freeland – mixing assistant *Troy Gonzalez – assistant recording engineer *Aaron Keane – assistant recording engineer *Peter Keppler – additional recording engineer, assistant recording engineer *Fred Kevorkian – additional recording engineer *John Leventhal – record producer (1–10, 12–13), recording engineer *Mark Plati – recording engineer *Fred Remmert – additional recording engineer *Tom Schick – assistant recording engineer ==References== Category:1996 albums Category:Columbia Records albums Category:Shawn Colvin albums Category:Concept albums Category:Albums produced by John Leventhal Category:Works about divorce Category:Albums produced by Malcolm Burn
55052950	A Brother's Kiss	A Brother's Kiss is a 1997 American independent drama film written and directed by Seth Zvi Rosenfeld and starring Nick Chinlund and Michael Raynor. It is based on the 1988 play by Rosenfeld and also his directorial debut. Rosenfeld grew up in the same neighborhood as actor Michael Raynor; Raynor and actor Nick Chinlund were friends as children. ==Plot== Mick (Michael Raynor) and Lex (Nick Chinlund) are a pair of brothers who grew up in Harlem under circumstances that were difficult at best. Their mother Doreen (Cathy Moriarty) was a diabetic with a drinking problem and difficulty in saying no to men. While she wasn't a sex worker, she grew dependent on the little gifts her lovers would bring by, and as kids, Mick and Lex learned to accept this as the way things were. One night, Mick and Lex were taking a walk in the park when they were accosted by a cop who molested the younger Mick. Lex, older and strong as a grown man, attacked the cop, which led to a stay in a reform school. Years later, Mick is himself a policeman; while he's tried to bury the childhood incident in his past, he still shows emotional scars and is sexually dysfunctional. Lex has taken the more dramatic slide, getting in and out of trouble since reform school and maintaining a going-nowhere job driving a bus. He has a combative relationship with Debbie (Rosie Perez), girlfriend and the mother of his child, while also selling drugs for local dealer Lefty Louie (John Leguizamo). His own habit has developed so far that his sales don't compensate for the amount he uses himself. Mick tries to look out for his big brother, but it might be too late to save him. ==Cast== *Nick Chinlund as Lex *Michael Raynor as Mick *Justin Pierce as Young Lex *Joshua Danowsky as Young Mick *John Leguizamo as Lefty *Cathy Moriarty as Doreen *Rosie Perez as Debbie *Michael Rapaport as Stingy *Marisa Tomei as Missy *Talent Harris as Vic ==Reception== The film has a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Roger Ebert gave the film three stars. John Petrakis of the Chicago Tribune also gave it three stars. Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly graded it a B−. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1997 films Category:American drama films Category:American independent films Category:American films based on plays Category:1997 directorial debut films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s American films
55178618	A Boogie wit da Hoodie discography	American rapper A Boogie wit da Hoodie has released four studio albums, two mixtapes, 33 music videos, four extended plays (EPs) and 49 singles (including twenty-three as a featured artist). ==Albums== ===Studio albums=== List of studio albums, with selected chart positions, sales figures and certifications Title Details Peak chart positions Certifications US US R&B;/HH US Rap AUS Peaks in Australia: * All except noted: * Me vs. Myself: CAN NL NOR UK The Bigger Artist * Released: September 29, 2017 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital download, streaming 4 1 1 — 10 — — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum Hoodie SZN * Released: December 21, 2018 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital download, streaming 1 1 1 23 1 24 25 23 * RIAA: 2× Platinum * BPI: Gold * MC: 3× Platinum Artist 2.0 *Released: February 14, 2020 *Label: Highbridge, Atlantic *Format: Digital download, streaming 2 2 1 39 4 10 14 11 * RIAA: Platinum * BPI: Silver * MC: Platinum Me vs. Myself *Released: December 9, 2022 *Label: Highbridge, Atlantic *Format: Digital download, streaming 6 4 3 60 6 37 38 22 ===Mixtapes=== List of mixtapes, showing selected details Title Details Peak chart positions Peak chart positions Peak chart positions Certifications Title Details US US R&B;/HH US Rap Artist * Released: February 14, 2016 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital download, streaming 70 31 22 * RIAA: Platinum Highbridge The Label: The Takeover Vol. 1 (with Don Q) * Released: May 18, 2016 * Label: Highbridge * Format: Self- Released — — — "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory. ==EPs== List of extended plays, showing selected details Title Details Peak chart positions Peak chart positions Peak chart positions Peak chart positions Title Details US US R&B;/HH US Rap CAN TBA * Released: October 28, 2016 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital Download 63 6 6 — International Artist * Released: June 20, 2018 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital download, streaming 57 32 — 56 B4 AVA * Released: December 10, 2021 * Label: Highbridge, Atlantic * Format: Digital download, streaming 26 12 6 24 ==Singles== ===As lead artist=== List of singles as lead artist, with selected chart positions, showing year released and album name Title Year Peak chart positions Certifications Album US US R&B;/HH US Rap AUS CAN NL NZ Hot Peaks on the NZ Hot Singles Chart: * "Look Back at It": * "Swervin": * "Mood Swings": * "Somebody": * "Reply": * "King of My City": * "Numbers": * "Bleed": * "Flood My Wrist": * "24 Hours": * "B.R.O. (Better Ride Out)": * "Take Shots": * "MVP": SWE UK "Not a Regular Person" 2016 — — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum Highbridge the Label: The Takeover Vol. 1 "Bando" (with Don Q) — — — — — — — — — "My Shit" 86 35 22 — — — — — — * RIAA: 4× Platinum * BPI: Silver * MC: 3× Platinum Artist "Jungle" — 46 — — — — — — — * RIAA: 2× Platinum * BPI: Silver * MC: 3× Platinum "Timeless" (featuring DJ SpinKing) 86 36 — — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum TBA "Proud of Me Now" (featuring Lil Bibby) — — — — — — — — — "Bag on Me" (with Don Q) — — — — — — — — — Highbridge the Label: The Takeover Vol.1 "Drowning" (featuring Kodak Black) 2017 38 15 11 — 53 — — — — * RIAA: 8× Platinum * BPI: Gold * MC: 7× Platinum The Bigger Artist "Horses" (with PnB Rock and Kodak Black) — — — — — — — — — * RIAA: 2× Platinum The Fate of the Furious: The Album "Say A'" 75 33 — — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum The Bigger Artist "Keke" 2018 43 22 20 — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Gold Day69 "Nonchalant" (featuring Alkaline) — — — — — — — — — International Artist "Best Friend" (featuring Tory Lanez) — — — — — — — — — "Way Too Fly" (featuring Davido) — — — — — — — — "Odee" — — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold Hoodie SZN & International Artist "Right Moves" — — — — — — — — — "Look Back at It" 27 12 10 41 23 88 22 76 51 * RIAA: 6× Platinum * ARIA: Platinum * BPI: Gold * MC: 7× Platinum Hoodie SZN "Swervin" (featuring 6ix9ine or remix featuring Veysel) 2019 38 16 13 41 24 — 21 83 27 * RIAA: 6× Platinum * ARIA: Platinum * BPI: Platinum * MC: 8× Platinum "Mood Swings" 76 32 — — 61 — 30 — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum Artist 2.0 "Somebody" 96 44 — — 54 — 16 — 75 * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum B4 the Storm "Reply" 49 22 17 — 54 — 23 — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Gold Artist 2.0 "King of My City" 2020 69 32 24 — 71 — 24 — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Gold "Numbers" (featuring Roddy Ricch, Gunna and London on da Track) 23 12 7 — 32 — 16 — 53 * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum "Bleed" 57 25 20 — 55 — 22 — 82 * MC: Gold "Flood My Wrist" (featuring Don Q and Lil Uzi Vert) — — — — — — 28 — — Highbridge the Label: Vol. 2 "9 Bridge" (with Rowdy Rebel) 2021 — — — — — — — — — "24 Hours" (featuring Lil Durk) 92 38 — — 75 — 25 — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Gold B4 AVA & Me vs. Myself "Non Judgemental" 2022 — — — — — — — — — rowspan="2" "Hit Different" (featuring B-Lovee) — — — — — — — — — "Playa" (featuring Ella Bands or H.E.R) — 50 — — — — — — — Me vs. Myself "B.R.O. (Better Ride Out)" (featuring Roddy Ricch) — 41 — — 82 — 25 — — "Take Shots" (featuring Tory Lanez) — — — — — — 24 — — "No 808's" (featuring Vory) 2023 — — — — — — — — — rowspan="2" "MVP" (featuring G-Eazy or Myke Towers) — — — — — — 28 — — "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory. ===As featured artist=== List of singles as a featured artist, with selected chart positions, showing year released and album name Title Year Peak chart positions Certifications Album US US R&B;/HH US Rap CAN FRA "Playa No More" 2016 — — — — — GTTM: Goin Thru the Motions "Pills & Automobiles" (Chris Brown featuring Yo Gotti, A Boogie wit da Hoodie and Kodak Black) 2017 46 17 13 67 136 * RIAA: 3× Platinum Heartbreak on a Full Moon "Company" 2018 — — — — — rowspan="2" "When I Call Em" — — — — — "HML" 2019 — — — — — Phases "Lips Don't Lie" — — — — — rowspan=2 "Big Rich Town" (Power Remix) — — — — — "Right Back" 73 29 — 58 — * RIAA: Platinum Free Spirit "SZNS" — — — — — "Ouh Mädchen" — — — — — Augen Husky "Ooh Girl" — — — — — "Stack It Up" — — — — — LP1 "Stretch You Out" (Summer Walker featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie) 68 36 — — — * MC: Gold Over It "Party" (Paulo Londra featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie) — — — — — "Tip Toe" 73 32 24 71 — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Gold Please Excuse Me for Being Antisocial "Bad Vibe" 2020 — — — — — QPac "Glass in the Face" — — — — — PTSD "Drop" 71 32 — — — Blame It on Baby "Lie For You" — — — — — "Thank God" — — — — — Karma 3 "Hello" 2021 83 32 24 31 — * RIAA: Platinum * ARIA: Gold * MC: 4× Platinum * SNEP: Gold Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon "Track Star (Remix)" — — — — — rowspan="3" "Family" (David Guetta featuring Bebe Rexha, Ty Dolla Sign and A Boogie wit da Hoodie) — — — — — "Already Know" (Young Pooda featuring Angelica Vila and A Boogie wit da Hoodie) 2023 — — — — — "Chills (LA Hills)" — — — — — Drive "Calling" 41 13 8 18 189 Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse (Soundtrack from and Inspired by the Motion Picture) "—" denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released. ==Other charted songs== Title Year Peak chart positions Certifications Album US US R&B;/HH AUS CAN NL NZ Hot Peaks on the NZ Hot Singles chart: * All except noted: * "Waka": * "Baguettes in the Face": * Songs from Artist 2.0: * "Man in the Mirror": * "Water (Drowning Pt. 2)" and "Last Time": SWE UK "Still Think About You" 2017 — — — — — — — — * RIAA: 2× Platinum Artist "Reminiscing" (Kodak Black featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie) — — — — — — — — Painting Pictures "No Promises" 74 32 — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Gold The Bigger Artist "Undefeated" (featuring 21 Savage) 84 37 — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Gold "Beast Mode" (featuring PnB Rock and YoungBoy Never Broke Again) 86 38 — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum "No Comparison" — 46 — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold "Unhappy" — — — — — — — — "Fucking & Kissing" (featuring Chris Brown) — — — — — — — — "Lovin'" (PnB Rock featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie) — — — — — — — — Catch These Vibes "Waka" (6ix9ine featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie) 2018 51 22 — 21 100 13 61 — Dummy Boy "Pull Up" (featuring Nav) — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold International Artist and Hoodie SZN "Voices in My Head" — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold Hoodie SZN "Beasty" — — — — — — — — "Startender" (featuring Offset and Tyga) 59 21 — 46 — 16 — 84 * RIAA: 2× Platinum * MC: 2× Platinum "Demons & Angels" (featuring Juice Wrld) 90 37 — 86 — 19 — — * RIAA: Platinum * MC: Platinum "Love Drugs and Sex" — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Platinum "Skeezers" — — — — — — — — * MC: Platinum "Come Closer" (featuring Queen Naija) — 48 — — — — — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Platinum "Just Like Me" (featuring Young Thug) — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum * BPI: Silver * MC: Platinum "Baguettes in the Face" (Mustard featuring Nav, Playboi Carti, and A Boogie wit da Hoodie) 2019 81 33 — 47 — 18 — — * RIAA: Platinum Perfect Ten "Young Grizzley World" (Tee Grizzley featuring YNW Melly and A Boogie wit da Hoodie) — — — — — — — — * RIAA: Platinum Scriptures "Slide (Remix)" (H.E.R featuring Pop Smoke, A Boogie wit da Hoodie and Chris Brown) — — — — — 32 — — * BPI: Silver "Thug Love" 2020 73 34 — — — — — 91 * MC: Gold Artist 2.0 "Cinderella Story" 95 47 — — — — — — "Me and My Guitar" 58 28 — — — 36 — 99 * RIAA: Platinum * MC: 2× Platinum "Might Not Give Up" (featuring Young Thug) 66 32 — — — 23 — — * MC: Gold "Stain" (featuring DaBaby) 80 38 — — — 39 — — "Hit 'Em Up" (featuring Trap Manny) — — — — — — — — "DTB 4 Life" — — — — — — — — "Blood on My Denim" — — — — — — — — "Luv Is Art" (featuring Lil Uzi Vert) — — — — — — — — "It's Crazy" (featuring Melody) — — — — — — — — "Secrets" — 45 — 61 — — — 88 * MC: Platinum "YKTV" (Nas featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie and YG) 2021 — — — — — — — — King's Disease II "Man in the Mirror" 82 27 — 56 — 19 — — * RIAA: Gold * MC: Gold B4 AVA "Glasses" — 45 — 87 — — — — "Notifications" — — — — — — — — "Be Free" — 41 — — — — — — "My Fault" (with King Von) 2022 — — — — — — — — What It Means to Be King "Food for Thought" — — — — — — — — Me vs. Myself "Water (Drowning Pt. 2)" (featuring Kodak Black) 97 43 — 73 — 20 — — "Money Conversations" — — — — — — — — "Last Time" (featuring G Herbo) — — — 88 — 35 — — ==Music videos== Year Title Director 2016 "Still Think About You" Kwaz Fraser "My Sh*t" Benji Filmz "Jungle" Gerard Victor "Bando" Benji Filmz "Friend Zone" Picture Perfect "Not a Regular Person" J Williams "Bet On It" rowspan="2" "Timeless" "Baecation" Gerard Victor "Macaroni" Wiley Films "IDK" Picture Perfect 2017 "Floyd Mayweather (Remix)" 20kvisuals "Proud of Me Now" rowspan="2" "Bag on Me" "Wrong N***a" Denzel Williams "Drowning" Rite Brothers "Beast Mode" Travis Montgomery 2018 "Say A" Micheal Garcia "Somebody" Gerard Victor "No Promises" JMB "Way Too Fly" Daps "Best Friend" 2019 "4 Min Convo (Favorite Song)" JMB "Look Back at It" "Swervin" Edgar Estevez "Mood Swings" Eif Rivera & A Boogie wit da Hoodie 2020 "King of My City" A Boogie wit da Hoodie "Bleed" "Flood My Wrist" Picture Perfect "Might Not Give Up" Hype Williams "Reply" Chariot Pictures "Secrets" au.79film "It's Crazy" 2021 "9 Bridge" Edgar Esteves ==Guest appearances== List of non-single guest appearances, with other performing artists, showing year released and album name Title Year Other performer(s) Album "Bet on It" 2016 PnB Rock Money, Hoes and Flows "My Shit (Remix)" Fabolous Summertime Shootout 2: The Level Up "Come On" Jaquae, Fatboy Izzo You'll See: The James Harris Experience "Crzy" (Remix) Kehlani "Diamonds" Young Scooter, Don Q Jugg King "Stand Back" 2017 PnB Rock GTTM: Goin Thru the Motions "Playa No More PnB Rock, Quavo "GTTM: Goin Thru the Motions" "Glory Bridge" Chief Keef Dedication "GG (Remix)" Youngboy Never Broke Again "Reminiscing" Kodak Black Painting Pictures "Wait" (Remix) 2018 Maroon 5 "Keke" 6ix9ine, Fetty Wap Day 69 "If It Ain't Right" Tory Lanez Love Me Now? "Waka" 6ix9ine Dummy Boy "100 Grand" Lil Durk, Ty Dolla Sign Signed to the Streets 3 "Showed You" DJ Esco, Future, Young Thug, Dej Loaf Kolorblind "Goddamn" 2019 Tyga Legendary "Red Lights" JXN (Australian musician) rowspan="2" "Halo" Cryssy Bandz "Like Mike" Rich the Kid, Jay Critch The World Is Yours 2 "Young Grizzley World" Tee Grizzley, YNW Melly Scriptures "Alone" Trap Manny Trap Seazon "Baguettes in the Face" DJ Mustard, NAV, Playboi Carti Perfect Ten "1000 Nights" Ed Sheeran, Meek Mill No.6 Collaborations Project "Put You On" PnB Rock TrapStar Turnt PopStar "Still Alive" Berner, G-Eazy El Chivo "Bit*huary (Remix)" Shordie Shordie, Wiz Khalifa "Blind" Gucci Mane Delusions of Grandeur "U Said" Lil Durk Love Songs 4 the Streets 2 "So Cold" Max B House Money "Monica Lewinsky" Saint Jhn, DaBaby Ghetto Lenny's Love Songs/While the World Was Burning "Thot Box" Hitmaka, YBN Nahmir, Meek Mill, 2 Chainz, Tyga Big Tuh "Running the Streets" Rick Ross, Denzel Curry Port of Miami 2 "Big Picture" Davido, Gunna, Dremo A Good Time "Gone for the Summer" Fabolous Summertime Shootout 3: Coldest Summer Ever "Wolf" 2020 Lil Tr33zy "Like That" Yo Gotti, Ty Dolla Sign Untrapped "Foreigner" Pop Smoke Meet the Woo 2 "Far Away II" Jessie Reyez, JID Before Love Came to Kill Us (Deluxe) "The Get Back" Juelz Santana #FREESANTANA "Hocus Pocus" Blueface, DJ Kay Slay & Moneybagg Yo Famous Cryp (Reloaded) "Somebody" Internet Money, Lil Tecca B4 the Storm "R&B; Shit" J.I the Prince of N.Y Hood Life Krisis, Vol. 3 "Millions" Wiz Khalifa The Saga of Wiz Khalifa "Sheesh" 2021 Trap Manny In Trap We Trust "No Stress" Capo Plaza Plaza "This Is My Year" DJ Khaled, Big Sean, Puff Daddy, Rick Ross Khaled Khaled "Givenchy 2.0 Freestyle" DJ Drewski, Trap Manny Seat at the Table "Latest Trends (Remix)" A1 x J1 "Drop a Location" YG, Mozzy Kommunity Service "9 Bridge" Rowdy Rebel "Ghetto Love Birds" Yung Bleu Moon Boy "No Love Songs" Richie Rozay "Track Star (Remix)" Mooski, Chris Brown, Yung Bleu "YKTV" Nas, YG Kings Disease II "Run it Up" Sheff G, Sleepy Hallow From the Can "Demons (Remix)" Stunna Gambino "Keeper" OhGeesy GEEZYWORLD "Bestie" Culture Jam, Capella Grey Kawhi Leonard Presents: Culture Jam (Vol.1) "Family" David Guetta, Ty Dolla $ign, Bebe Rexha "My Everything (Part II)" B-Lovee "My Fault" 2022 King Von What It Means to Be King "Boom Boom" B-Lovee Misunderstood "Mustard's Interlude" Coi Leray Trendsetter "Distance (P-Valley Remix)" Jucee Froot P-Valley Season 2 Soundtrack "Dont Get Me Started" Don Q Corleone "Warzone" Stunna Gambino Vultures Dont Kry "New York" Rowdy Rebel, Jadakiss Rebel vs Rowdy "Habibi (Remix)" Ricky Rich "Iykyk" Lil Durk, Ella Mai 7220 (Deluxe) "Role Call" Tory Lanez Sorry 4 What "Me, Myself & I" G Herbo Survivor's Remorse: A Side & B Side "Lay Up N' Chill" Pink Sweat$ "Ask" 2023 Tay B 4Eva In My Bag (Deluxe) "HO4ME" DJ Drama, Lil Baby I'M REALLY LIKE THAT "Already Know" Young Pooda, Angelica Vila "PMR" Desiigner "Say Less" Swizz Beatz, Lil Durk Hip Hop 50, Vol. 2 ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:Discographies of American artists Category:Hip hop discographies
55259069	A Hitch in Time	A Hitch in Time may refer to: * A Hitch in Time, a 1955 Looney Tunes animated film short * A Hitch in Time, a 1978 British film made by the Children's Film Foundation
55313844	A Better Love	"A Better Love" is a song by British-American dance-pop band Londonbeat, released on 12 November 1990 as the second single from the group's second studio album, In the Blood (1990). It was the follow-up to their international hit "I've Been Thinking About You". "A Better Love" was less successful but still reached the top 20 in several countries, including becoming a top-ten hit in Austria and Canada; it was the 41st-most-successful song of 1991 in the latter country. On the US Billboard Hot 100, the single reached number 18, while on the UK Singles Chart, it peaked at number 24. ==Critical reception== Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic described the song as a "enjoyable" slice of early-'90s "soulful, tuneful dance-pop". Larry Flick from Billboard wrote that it "demonstrates [the] act's versatility and is draped with anthemic drum beats and spacious guitar slides." Steve Morse from Boston Globe felt the group shows some "intoxicating dance rhythms" in songs like "A Better Love".Morse, Steve (28 March 1991). "Record Review" Boston Globe. Pan-European magazine Music & Media stated that here, the band "is once again a display of vocal craftsmanship", describing the song as "up-tempo, yet mildly moody and chartbound." Selina Webb from Music Week said that "this is bound to be two in a row for Anxious's most fruitful signing." She added that "the wholesome harmonies are in fine form and this is easily as strong as 'I've Been Thinking About You'." ==Track listings== * UK 7-inch single # "A Better Love" – 3:59 # "K.I.S.S." – 3:35 * German maxi-CD # "A Better Love" – 3:59 # "She Said She Loves Me" – 4:14 # "K.I.S.S." – 3:35 # "A Better Love" (extended) – 6:25 ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1990–1991) Peak position Europe (Eurochart Hot 100) 41 Finland (Suomen virallinen lista) 26 Italy (Musica e dischi) Set "Tipo" on "Singoli". Then, in the "Artista" field, search "Londonbeat". 11 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1991) Position Canada Top Singles (RPM) 41 Canada Adult Contemporary (RPM) 37 Germany (Official German Charts) 56 ==References== Category:1990 singles Category:1990 songs Category:American dance-pop songs Category:British dance-pop songs Category:Dance-rock songs Category:Londonbeat songs Category:RCA Records singles
55340489	A House Full of Love	A House Full of Love () is a 1954 Austrian-West German romantic comedy film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Gertrud Kückelmann, Michael Cramer and Erni Mangold.Rentschler p. 106 It was shot at the Sievering Studios in Vienna. The film's sets were designed by the art director Fritz Jüptner- Jonstorff. ==Cast== * Gertrud Kückelmann as Mady * Michael Cramer as Paul * Erni Mangold * Irene Naef as Sybille * Wilfried Seyferth as Remming * Peer Schmidt as Billy * Gunnar Möller as Lutz * Jane Tilden as Lydia * Marianne Stopp * Franz Böheim * Ulrich Bettac * Beppo Brem * Michl Lang * Rudolf Vogel * Ernst Waldbrunn * Hanni Schall ==References == == Bibliography == * == External links == * Category:1954 films Category:1954 romantic comedy films Category:Austrian romantic comedy films Category:German romantic comedy films Category:West German films Category:1950s German-language films Category:Films directed by Hans Schweikart Category:German films based on plays Category:German black-and-white films Category:1950s German films Category:Films shot at Sievering Studios
55417478	A Distant Neighborhood (film)	A Distant Neighborhood () is a 2010 internationally co-produced fantasy film directed by Sam Garbarski. The screenplay, written by Garbarski alongside Jérôme Tonnerre and Philippe Blasband, was based on the manga of the same name by Jiro Taniguchi. The film stars Pascal Greggory, Jonathan Zaccaï, Alexandra Maria Lara and Léo Legrand, with Évelyne Didi, Lionel Abelanski and Tania Garbarski in supporting roles. The film tells the story of Thomas Verniaz, a middle-aged family man who accidentally takes a train ride back to his old hometown and visits his mother's grave. Thomas is then transported back in time, and discovers that he's a teenager again, but with all of his adult memories intact. A Distant Neighborhood was met with mostly positive reviews, with critics commending its faithfulness to the source material and the performances of its cast, particularly Zaccaï and Legrand. It received five nominations at the 2011 Magritte Awards, including Best Director for Garbarski, and went on to win Best Production Design for Véronique Sacrez. == Cast == * Pascal Greggory as Thomas Verniaz * Jonathan Zaccaï as Bruno Verniaz * Alexandra Maria Lara as Anna Verniaz (née Zorn) * Léo Legrand as young Thomas Verniaz * Évelyne Didi as Yvette * Lionel Abelanski as Godin * as Catherine * Tania Garbarski as Nelly ==Accolades== Award / Film Festival Category Recipients and nominees Result Festival du Film Francophone Views of the Present Sam Garbarski Magritte Award Best Director Sam Garbarski Best Actor Jonathan Zaccaï Best Supporting Actress Tania Garbarski Best Production Design Véronique Sacrez Best Costume Design Claire Dubien Rome Film Festival Alice in the City Prize Transatlantyk Festival Audience Award Young Artist Award Best Young Performer Léo Legrand == References == == External links == * Category:2010 films Category:2010 fantasy films Category:Belgian fantasy films Category:Films about time travel Category:Films shot in France Category:Films shot in Luxembourg Category:French fantasy films Category:2010s French- language films Category:German fantasy films Category:Live-action films based on manga Category:Luxembourgian fantasy films Category:French-language Luxembourgian films Category:2010s French films Category:2010s German films
55441239	A History of the Modern World	A History of the Modern World is a work initially published by the distinguished American historian at Princeton and Yale universities Robert Roswell Palmer in 1950. The work has since been extended by Joel Colton (from its second edition, 1956)The preface for the first Swedish edition 1960, by Torvald Höjer and Lloyd S. Kramer (from its ninth edition, 2001), and currently counts 12 editions. First published in 1950, and translated into six languages, the book is used in more than 1,000 colleges and universities, as well as many high school advanced placement courses. The second edition (1956), comprises two volumes, 20 main chapters and 110 sub-chapters.Swedish Translation, R.R. Palmer, Scandinavian University Books, "Nya Tidens Världshistoria", edited by Torvald Höjer, Stockholm 1960, no ISBN (also published in Danish, by Gyldendalske Boghandel / Nordisk Forlag, Copenhagen) The author focuses on World History from a European perspective, and the newer editions also exists under the title "A History of Europe in the Modern World". ==Content (second edition)== Content of the second edition, Note: Swedish translation re-translated. Although this double translation may differ in some words or formulations, from the American English original, this illustrates the content and structure of R.R. Palmer's work. ===First book=== The Ancient Greece to 1848 * Chapter 1 - Birth of Europe 1\. Ancient Greece, Rome and Christianity, p. 3 2\. Early Middle Ages, Forming of Europe, p. 10 3\. High Middle Ages, Profane culture, p. 18 4\. High Middle Ages, the Church, p. 29 * Chapter 2 - The Upheaval within the Christian Church 1300 - 1560 5\. Decay of the Church, p. 39 6\. The Renaissance in Italy, p. 44 7\. The Renaissance outside Italy, p. 52 8\. The new Monarchies, p. 54 9\. Protestantism, p. 60 10\. Catholic reformation and restructure, p. 73 * Chapter 3 - The Religious Wars 1560 - 1648 11\. Opening of the Atlantic Ocean, p. 81 12\. The Commercial Revolution, p. 85 13\. The Spanish Inquisition; the Dutch and the English, p. 95 14\. France's decomposition and reconstruction, p. 104 15\. The thirty-year war; Germany's decay, p. 111 * Chapter 4 - Western Europe in Leadership Position 16\. The Great Monarch and the Balance in Europe, p. 121 17\. The Dutch Republic, p. 124 18\. England: the Puritan Republic, p. 129 19\. England: the Triumph of the Parliament, p. 136 20\. Louis XIV's France 1643-1715; the Triumph of Absolutism, p. 142 21\. Louis XIV's War; Treaty of Utrecht, p. 152 * Chapter 5 - Transformation of Eastern Europe 1648 - 1740 22\. Three aging values, p. 159 23\. Arising of the Austrian Monarchy, p. 170 24\. Origin of Prussia, p. 175 25\. Russia's Transforming into Western Values, p. 175 26\. Poland's divisions, p. 195 * Chapter 6 - The Struggle for Wealth and Power 27\. The World's Housekeeping during the 18th Century, p. 200 28\. Western Europe after Utrecht, p. 209 29\. The Big War in the middle of the 18th Century, p. 219 * Chapter 7 - The Scientific perspective of the World 30\. The Prophets of Scientific Culture - Bacon and Descartes, p. 234 31\. The Road to Newton: Law of Gravitation, p. 239 32\. Expanded Knowledge of the Human Being and Society, p. 247 33\. Political Theory: the Natural Law School, p. 254 * Chapter 8 - Age of Enlightenment 34\. "The Philosophers", p. 261 35\. Enlightened Despotism, France, Austria, Prussia, p. 272 36\. Enlightened Despotism, Russia, p. 282 37\. The American Revolution, p. 289 * Chapter 9 - The French Revolution 38\. Preconditions, p. 303 39\. The Revolution 1789, p. 307 40\. The French Unity, p. 315 41\. The Revolution and Europe: The War and the "second" revolution 1792, p. 320 42\. The French Remodeling of Society, p. 315 43\. Republican Crisis 1792-95: Reign of Terror, p. 325 44\. The Despotic Republic 1799-1804, p. 337 * Chapter 10 - The Napoleonic Europe 45\. The Creation of the French Empire, p. 345 46\. The large Empire: the Propagation of the Revolution, p. 354 47\. The Continental System: Britain and Europe, p. 359 48\. The National Movements: Germany, p. 364 49\. Napoleon defeated: The Vienna Congress, p. 372 * Chapter 11 - Reaction versus progress 1815 - 1848 50\. The Industrial Revolution, p. 384 51\. Origin of the new Ideologies, p. 391 52\. The Dam of the River: Domestic Politics, p. 403 53\. The Breakthrough of Liberalism in the West: The Revolutions 1830-32, p. 413 54\. The triumph of Western Bourgeois, p. 423 ===Second book=== The 1848 Revolutions to the Second World War and its aftermath * Chapter 12 - 1848: An interrupted Revolution 56: Paris: the Ghost of Western Social Revolutions, p. 2 57: Vienna: the National Revolution in Central Europe, p. 9 58: Frankfurt and Berlin: the Question of a Liberal Europe, p. 17 59: The Consequences of the 1848 Revolutions: the hard Objectivity, p. 24 60: Birth of Marxism, p. 27 61: Bonaparteism: The Second French Empire 1852-70, p. 33 * Chapter 13 - Consolidation of the large Countries 62: Background: the idea of National States, p. 39 63: Cavour and the Italian War 1859: Italy's Unification, p. 42 64: Bismarck: the Foundation of the German Empire, p. 47 65: The Double Monarchy Austria-Hungary, p. 56 66: Liberalisation of Tsar-Russia: Alexander II, p. 60 67: United States: The Civil War, p. 65 68: Dominion Canada 1867, p. 71 69: Japan versus the West, p. 74 * Chapter 14 - The European Civilization 1871-1914 70: "The Civilized World", p. 82 71: Demographic Basics: The Growth of the European Population, p. 84 72: The World's Housekeeping during the 19th Century, p. 92 73: Democracy's progress: Third French Republic, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, German Empire, p. 100 74: Democracy's progress: Socialism and Worker's Unions, p. 112 75: Science, Philosophy and Religion, p. 119 76: The Extinction of Classic Liberalism, p. 129 * Chapter 15 - The European World Domination 77: Imperialism: its Nature and Reasons, p. 137 78: America, p. 144 79: The Dissolution of the Ottoman Empire, p. 149 80: Africa's division, p. 157 81: Imperialism in Asia: the Dutch, the British and the Russians, p. 164 82: Imperialism in Asia: China and the West, p. 168 83: The Russian-Japanese war, p. 172 * Chapter 16 - World War One 84: The International Anarchy, p. 175 85: The Battle of Marne and the new Countenance of the War, p. 184 86: Stalemate 1915-1916, the Navy, the Army, Diplomacy, p. 186 87: The Russian Collapse and the United States' intervention, p. 194 88: The Collapse of the Austrian and German Empires, p. 200 89: The War's Economical and Social Effects, p. 202 90: The Peace in Paris 1919, p. 206 * Chapter 17 - The Russian Revolution 91: Background, p. 216 92: The 1905 Revolution, p. 224 93: The 1917 Revolution, p. 229 94: The Union of the Socialist Soviet Republics, p. 237 95: Stalin: the Five Year Plans and the Cleansings, p. 244 96: The International Effects of Communism, p. 254 * Chapter 18 - The apparent victory of democracy 97: Democracy's advancement and the New Deal, p. 260 98: The German Republic and the Spirit of Locarno, p. 265 99: Asia's Revolt, p. 272 100: The Great Depression: Collapse of the World's Housekeeping, p. 284 * Chapter 19 - Democracy and Dictatorship 101: The United States: Depression and the New Deal, p. 292 102: Stress and Adaptation for the British and French Democracies, p. 297 103: Totalitarianism: The Italian Fascism, p. 306 104: Totalitarianism: Germany's Third Reich, p. 311 105: Weakness of the West: Against a New War, p. 323 * Chapter 20 - The Earthquake: The Second World War and its Aftermath 106: The Axis Powers' Triumphs, p. 333 107: The Western Powers' and Soviet Union's Victories, p. 341 108: Restructure and Revolution in Europe and Asia after the War, p. 349 109: The Democracies After 1945, p. 358 110: Two Worlds at Conflict, p. 368 ==Criticism== ==ISBN of later editions== *10th and 13th edition: ==References== Category:1950 non-fiction books Category:History education Category:History books about Europe
55503282	A Closed and Common Orbit	A Closed and Common Orbit is a 2016 science fiction novel by Becky Chambers, published by Hodder and Stoughton. It is a sequel to her 2014 novel The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet. ==Synopsis== In the aftermath of the events in The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet, Lovelace the artificial intelligence loads herself into an android body and leaves the starship Wayfarer to pursue an independent existence in the company of Pepper, a technician. A parallel narrative strand explores the early years in the life of a genetically modified child slave. ==Reception== A Closed and Common Orbit was a finalist for the 2017 Hugo Award for Best Novel.2017 Hugo Awards, at TheHugoAwards.org; retrieved October 11, 2017 At the Guardian, Adam Roberts noted that, although the novel is a sequel, it "works as a standalone story"; he also observed that it shares the first book's strengths (including "complex characters" and "sheer likability") and weaknesses (including "a tendency for characters to pootle about rather than move the larger plot forward"). A Closed and Common Orbit by Becky Chambers review – an AI on the run, by Adam Roberts, in the Guardian; published October 22, 2016; retrieved October 11, 2017 Publishers Weekly called it "worthy", with a "friendly, soothing atmosphere" and "beautiful pacing and structure".A Closed and Common Orbit, reviewed at Publishers Weekly; published April 10, 2017; retrieved October 11, 2017 Strange Horizons lauded Chambers both for her "delightful world-building", and for her skillful presentation thereof.A Closed and Common Orbit by Becky Chambers, reviewed by Maggie Clark, at Strange Horizons; published June 5, 2017; retrieved October 11, 2017 The A.V. Club considered it to be "more intimate than its predecessor",Becky Chambers’ universe gets smaller in A Closed And Common Orbit, by Mike Vago, at the A.V. Club; published October 31, 2016; retrieved October 11, 2017 while James Nicoll described it as "more focused (and) more effective".Hide Me in a Hollow Sound - A Closed and Common Orbit — Becky Chambers - Wayfarers, book 2, reviewed by James Nicoll; at James Nicoll Reviews; published April 10, 2017; retrieved October 11, 2017 ==References== Category:Wayfarers series Category:2016 American novels Category:2016 science fiction novels Category:American science fiction novels Category:Novels about artificial intelligence Category:Hodder & Stoughton books
55590139	A Day in the Life of the Dummies	A Day in the Life of the Dummies is a compilation album by The Dummies, which was a musical project of Jim Lea of Slade and his brother Frank. The album was released in March 1992 and gathers all of the 1979-80 recordings produced by the pair. ==Background== The Dummies was formed by the Jim and Frank Lea in 1979. With Slade suffering from a period of low popularity and resistance from radio, Jim wanted to find out whether it was his and lead vocalist Noddy Holder's songwriting or simply a reluctance from DJs to play new Slade material. The pair formed Cheapskate Records, which Frank wanted to use to prove that any independent label, with the right promotion and distribution, could release a hit single. The Dummies produced three singles between 1979 and 1981, and although they all failed to chart, they did gain radio play. While some tracks were recorded in 1979, much of the Dummies material was recorded in 1980. "When the Lights Are Out", a cover of the 1974 Slade song, was released as the debut single in 1979. It gained extensive radio play, but suffered from distribution problems. By the time it was re-released on Pye Records at the beginning of 1980, the song was at the end of its airplay run and subsequently failed to chart. "Didn't You Use to Use to Be You" followed in 1980, which was specifically written for the Dummies by Jim and Holder. The single generated much airplay and was expected to become a big hit, but suffered distribution issues.Slade Fan Club Newsletter - September–October 1980 It was backed by a cover of Slade's "Miles Out to Sea" as the B-side. "Maybe Tonite" was released in 1981 as the final Dummies single. Another song purposely written for the project, it gained radio play but failed to chart. The B-side was a cover of Slade's "When I'm Dancin' I Ain't Fightin'". During the late 1980s, Frank was surprised how much second-hand copies of the Dummies singles were selling for. He suggested releasing a compilation album to gather the Dummies recordings. In a 1988 fan club interview, Jim had commented: "We got into the studios and listened to it recently. Frank was keen to do it, but I'm not at the moment." Jim was reluctant to have such an album released as he felt that the production of the time did not do the songs justice. Despite this, it was announced in the Slade International Fan Club in early 1991 that such an album seemed likely to be released soon.Slade International Fan Club Newsletter - April–June 1991 A Day in the Life of the Dummies was released in 1992 by Receiver Records Limited. The cover of Slade's "Nobody's Fool" was originally to be released as a single, but the idea was scrapped once more material had been recorded. As a result, the Dummies' version remained unreleased until it appeared on the album. Other Slade covers included "Jeanie Jeanie", "Burning in the Heat of Love" and "It Ain't Love It Ain't Bad". All were also previously unreleased, except "Burning in the Heat of Love", which surfaced in 1985 on the UK/German various artists compilation Metal Killers Kollection, where it was credited to Jim Lea rather than the Dummies. "Sheila" preceded Slade's recording of the song in 1984 for their twelfth studio album Rogues Gallery, though the Dummies' version was not released until its inclusion on this album. "Poland" is a reworking of Slade's "Lemme Love into Ya", and had first surfaced in 1982 as a Jim Lea single under the pseudonym Greenfields of Tong. "The Minute I Lost Control" was the third song to be specifically written by Holder and Lea for the Dummies, but not released at the time. ==Critical reception== In 2008, Trucking magazine reviewed the album alongside Jim Lea's 2007 solo album Therapy. The reviewer commented: "Most tracks are Slade covers and not a million miles from the originals, which in itself guarantees an album of great pop/rock songs that will have passed by all but the most ardent of Slade fans." ==Track listing== All tracks written and composed by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea ==Personnel== *Jim Lea - vocals, guitars, bass, keyboards *Frank Lea - drums *Louise Lea - chorus vocals (track 1) *Dave Garland, Andy Miller, Mark O'Donoughue, Paul Hardiman - engineers *D.C. Starr - illustration ==References== Category:1992 debut albums Category:Albums produced by Jim Lea
55595640	A Girl Thing	A Girl Thing is a 2001 American made-for-television drama directed by Lee Rose. Consisting of four separate stories, the film premiered on Showtime on January 20, 2001, and concluded on January 27. The ensemble cast includes Stockard Channing, Kate Capshaw, Elle Macpherson, Glenne Headly, Rebecca De Mornay, Allison Janney, Mia Farrow, Lynn Whitfield, Linda Hamilton, Camryn Manheim, and S. Epatha Merkerson. ==Plot== The stories involve patients of psychiatrist Dr. Beth Noonan. The first part is about an attorney (Lauren Travis) who has problems with intimacy and realizes that she is attracted to another woman (Casey Montgomery), an advertising executive. The second is an angry woman (Helen McCormack) and her sisters (Kim and Kathy McCormack) who must all learn to get along to receive inheritances from their deceased mother. The third is a wife (Nia Morgan) who enlists the help of her husband's mistress (Betty McCarthy) and a decoy (Rachel Logan) in taking revenge against him. In the fourth story, Beth Noonan is held captive by a mentally disturbed patient (Suzanne Nabor). ==Cast and characters== * Kate Capshaw as Casey Montgomery * Stockard Channing as Dr. Beth Noonan * Rebecca De Mornay as Kim McCormack * Mia Farrow as Betty McCarthy * Elizabeth Franz as Josephine McCormack * Irma P. Hall as Alice, the housekeeper * Linda Hamilton as Rachel Logan * Glenne Headly as Helen McCormack * Allison Janney as Kathy McCormack * Tina Lifford as Sharon * Elle Macpherson as Lauren Travis * Camryn Manheim as Suzanne Nabor * Margo Martindale as May * S. Epatha Merkerson as Lani * Kelly Rowan as Claire * Lynn Whitfield as Nia Morgan * Peta Wilson as Alex * Scott Bakula as Paul Morgan * Bruce Greenwood as Frank * Brian Kerwin as Gary Tucker ==Reception== The film received positive reviews from critics. ==References== ==Further reading== * * * * * * ==External links== * * A Girl Thing at Screenmusings Category:2001 television films Category:2001 films Category:American LGBT-related films Category:Lesbian-related films Category:Films shot in Vancouver Category:Showtime (TV network) films Category:American drama television films Category:Films directed by Lee Rose (director) Category:2000s American films
55622679	A Different Thread	thumb|A Different Thread (Alicia Best and Robert Jackson) in Paris, 2021 alt=|thumb|A Different Thread (Robert Jackson, Alicia Best) A Different Thread is an English-American band from Lichfield, Staffordshire, England and Durham, North Carolina, USA. The core members — Alicia Best and Robert Jackson — first met by chance, while busking in Galway, Ireland in 2016. They were performing on the same street and started singing together. Soon after, they began collaborating, while touring throughout Europe and the USA. They live a nomadic lifestyle, which is in part, due to the transatlantic nature of the band. They are known for their DIY approach, minimalist ethos, modern vintage style, and nostalgic sound. Their songs deal with themes of love, loss, polyamory, wanderlust, authentic human connection, saudade, freedom, change, and social justice. ==Members== *Robert Jackson (born April 6, 1989) Nuneaton UK - Vocals, Guitar, Harmonica, Banjo, Keys. (School of Art and Design University of the West of England, Bristol, Illustration) *Alicia Best (born September 1, 1988) Manhattan, NYC, USA, Fiddle, Singer-Songwriter. (Bennington College Performing Arts) They have performed with different musicians on tours in Mexico, Guatemala, USA, UK, and Europe, including: *Mike Seal (Prof. Dr.) from Birmingham, UK - Double bassist and songwriter. Also known for his work with the band Blue Soup. *The folk duo, Farefeld (AKA Chris Elliott and Caitlin Jones) - Flutes, backing vocals, bouzouki, harmonium, fiddle. *Isaac Collier (born October 15, 1988), North Yorkshire Moors, England - classically trained cellist (Royal Birmingham Conservatoire) *Alan Best (born February 8, 1992) Durham North Carolina US, - Accordion and Mandolin *Gerson Rivera, from Mexico - Cello ==Genre== Genres include: Americana, Singer-Songwriter, Folk, Old-Time music, Bluegrass, Country, Blues, Celtic, and folk music of England. Their music is influenced by the Folk Revival of the 1970s, the Piedmont Blues of North Carolina, and Appalachian old time, as well as contemporary artists such as Joni Mitchell, Tracy Chapman, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, The Beatles, Johnny Cash & June Carter, Bert Jansch, Gillian Welch, Rhiannon Giddens, The Deslondes, and The Band. ==Discography== A Different Thread has released two EPs and one album. *Home From Home (EP) \- April 8, 2017 *High Time (EP) \- October 1, 2017 *On A Whim (LP) \- September 13, 2018 *Some Distant Shore (EP) - May 22, 2020 *Call of the Road (LP) - September 1, 2022 ==Competitions== 2017 Shrewsbury Folk Festival Winners of the Open Mic Competition. 2019 International Songwriting Competition Semi Finalist 2021 Reunite in Reykjavik competition ==References== ==External links== * * Bandcamp * Facebook * Instagram * Youtube * Patreon * Spotify * Apple Music * Amazon Music * Deezer Category:Americana music groups Category:American folk musical groups Category:British folk music groups
55633902	A Hustler's Diary	A Hustler's Diary () is a 2017 Swedish comedy film directed by Ivica Zubak. Best Screenplay award nomination at the 53rd Guldbagge Awards. Audience Award at the 2017 Warsaw Film Festival. == Cast == * Lena Endre - Lena * Madeleine Martin - Nathalie Vallsten * Shebly Niavarani - Omar Najafi * - Puma Andersson == References == == External links == * Category:2017 comedy films Category:Swedish comedy films Category:2010s Swedish films Category:2010s Swedish-language films
55638628	A Decade of Destruction	A Decade of Destruction is the first compilation album by American heavy metal band Five Finger Death Punch. It was released on December 1, 2017, by Prospect Park. On October 27, 2017, the band issued "Trouble", the first of two new songs included on the album. ==Background== On October 27, 2017, the website Metal Injection reported that the band's drummer and author Jeremy Spencer had stated to Razor 94.7: "It just seems like it just started even though it's been 10 years. We're always wrapped up in our vacuum in our cocoon of our daily life. So you don't pay attention to that stuff and now we're like 'we have a greatest hits.' And the label thought it was the right time. So we were like 'Cool, let's put some new songs on it though.' We don't wanna make... cause people can pretty much... ya know they have the records already. But now this is a cool package with different stuff on it. The artwork's really rad on it. It's cool." ==Track listing== ==Personnel== * Ivan Moody – vocals * Zoltan Bathory – rhythm guitars * Jeremy Spencer – drums, percussion * Jason Hook – lead guitars, backing vocals (tracks 1–9, 11–16) * Chris Kael – bass, backing vocals (tracks 1–4, 6–9, 11–15) * Matt Snell – bass, backing vocals (tracks 5, 10, 16) * Darrell Roberts – guitars on "The Bleeding" * Uros Raskovski – guitar solo on "The Bleeding" ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2017–18) Peak position New Zealand Heatseeker Albums (RMNZ) 2 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2018) Position US Billboard 200 81 US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 7 Chart (2019) Position US Billboard 200 171 US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 24 Chart (2020) Position US Billboard 200 167 US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 19 Chart (2021) Position US Top Rock Albums (Billboard) 30 ===Singles=== Title Year Peak chart positions US Main. US Rock "Trouble" 2017 5 10 35 4 "Gone Away" 2017 2 9 18 4 == Certifications == ==References== Category:2017 compilation albums Category:Five Finger Death Punch albums
55666066	A Bad Night	"A Bad Night" is a short story by E. W. Hornung, and features the gentleman thief A. J. Raffles, and his companion and biographer, Bunny Manders. The story was published in June 1905 by Pall Mall Magazine in London.Rowland, page 282 The story was also included as the sixth story in the collection A Thief in the Night, published by Chatto & Windus in London, and Charles Scribner's Sons in New York, both in 1905.Rowland, page 280. ==Plot== Raffles plans to burgle the house on the banks of the Mole of a bride-to-be, which is presently so laden with wedding gifts that she has had the gifts insured. However, Raffles is selected to play for the English in the Second Test Match, the first day of which will be the day of the wedding, when her gifts will be vulnerable. Bunny insists on taking the burglary job himself, so that Raffles can be free to serve his country. Raffles is anxious, but Bunny is eager to prove himself. The night of the wedding, Bunny sneaks to the house's garden. He stops to light a cigarette, merely to demonstrate his nerves. As Bunny finishes, a window opens overhead, and a wheezing voice accosts him. Bunny, relying on a story rehearsed with Raffles, pretends that he is from the insurance company. The young man at the window, who is the bride-to-be's asthmatic brother Mr. Medlicott, believes Bunny, and lets him into the house. Bunny follows Medlicott, who struggles to return to a library upstairs. Though Medlicott is ailing, he is kind, and he and Bunny discuss cricket. Bunny begins reluctantly to sympathize with Medlicott, and helps to keep the man's asthma pacified. Suddenly Bunny hears a noise, and looks out the window to see there is a new light from downstairs. When Bunny decides to go downstairs and investigate, Medlicott is impressed and offers his concealed revolver to Bunny, but Bunny prefers to use the life preserver he has brought. Downstairs, Bunny finds and quickly knocks out the burglar, only to realize afterward in anguish and bitterness that it is Raffles in disguise. Medlicott joins Bunny, and Bunny sends Medlicott to fetch the policeman on his beat outside. Raffles rises, and expresses his irritation. Together they escape the house. Raffles changes their clothes using garments he has hidden in some bushes, and they catch a train. Bunny only learns later that Medlicott had been unable to reach the policeman, and eventually had to struggle home. Bunny regrets having wronged both Raffles and Medlicott. Raffles, however, apologizes himself, and explains: rain had cut the day's cricket short, and he had been so anxious about Bunny that he had come to keep an eye on Bunny. He had followed Bunny the entire time, and had admired Bunny's performance throughout. Moreover, Raffles was able to take some jewellery from the collection of wedding presents. ==Adaptations== ===Television=== The story was adapted into the ninth episode of the Raffles television series, with Anthony Valentine as A. J. Raffles and Christopher Strauli as Bunny Manders. The episode, titled "A Bad Night", first aired on 22 April 1977. ===Radio=== BBC Radio adapted the story into the tenth episode of its Raffles radio drama, "A Bad Night", which first aired on 22 June 1988. The drama features Jeremy Clyde as Raffles and Michael Cochrane as Bunny. The episode follows the plot of the original story, with some changes: * In the drama, Raffles goes after this house as an act of revenge against young Medlicott's prosperous father, for the sake of the man's orphaned and financially ruined nephew, Spadger, who killed himself after his appeal for help from his rich uncle fell on deaf ears. * In the drama, rather than explain all to Bunny in the train afterwards, Raffles sleeps nearly all the way back to the cricket match in Trafford, thereby recovering well enough from Bunny's blow to play well against the Australians the next day. He explains his actions to Bunny in the Albany later. ==References== ;Notes ;Sources * * ==External links== * * Free online annotated version of "A Bad Night" * BBC Radio adaption of "A Bad Night” Category:1905 short stories Category:Works originally published in The Pall Mall Magazine Category:A. J. Raffles short stories
55735005	A Foreign Affair (song)	"A Foreign Affair" is a song written and produced by Australian group Client Liaison, featuring Tina Arena. The song was released on 30 August 2017 as the fourth and final single from Client Liaison's debut studio album Diplomatic Immunity (2016). The video was released on 29 August 2017 with Arena saying "It's been a lot of fun working with Client Liaison, from recording the song last summer and to crashing their set at Splendour, this clip ties it all together nicely! Grab a gin & tonic and get ready for take-off." The song includes a lyrical allusion to Arena's own hit single "Sorrento Moon". The Tim White directed video was nominated for Best Video at the ARIA Music Awards of 2017, losing out to "Moments" by Bliss n Eso..ARIA Award previous winners. At the J Awards of 2017, the song won the Australian Video of the Year. == Background == Band member Monte Morgan told The West Australian it was during the writing of the song Tina Arena's "Sorrento Moon" was referenced with the lyric "as we kiss on the beach of Sorrento". "We developed the song and it had her style in it; the early 90s power ballad vibe". Morgan said he originally sang the entire song solo, but parts were "out of his register". Morgan has acknowledged that Client Liaison are "huge fans" of Arena and stated "Our manager actually reached out to her management and she came in and smashed it out in one take." In July 2017, the group announced the A Foreign Affair World Tour, which began in August 2017. In July 2017, Client Liaison were performing at Splendour in the Grass when Arena joined them on stage for a surprise performance of "Sorento Moon". A music video for the track was filmed the following week and the song released as a single on 30 August. ==Reception== Kyle Butcher from Tone Deaf said "Soft balladry casts the song back into the mid-1980s synth-pop that bred artists like Eurogliders and Pseudo Echo, offering a chance for the melody and lyrics to tell the tale of a mile high foreign affair." Mushroom said "["A Foreign Affair" is] a sexy track saturated in '80s tropes. From the thick dance beat with that classic gated reverb to edgy bass synths and swirling synth pads, this song is everything you thought you'd never hear in 2017 – and it works." Zoë Radas from Stack magazine called the song "the best track" on the album. == Music video == The music video for the song was directed by Tim White and released on 29 August 2017. The video includes references to Australia’s former second airline Ansett Australia, which collapsed in 2001, in a tribute to the '80s sounds and looks that influence their style. Zoë Radas from Stack magazine said the video is "sumptuous, hilarious and glowingly nostalgic all at once." Lucinda Price from Pedestrian said the video is "cinematically stunning". ==Release history== Region Date Format Label Various 30 August 2017 Client Liaison ==References== Category:2016 songs Category:2017 singles Category:Client Liaison songs Category:Tina Arena songs
5577180	A Hole in the Head	A Hole in the Head (1959) is a DeLuxe Color comedy film, shown in CinemaScope, directed by Frank Capra, featuring Frank Sinatra, Edward G. Robinson, Eleanor Parker, Keenan Wynn, Carolyn Jones, Thelma Ritter, Dub Taylor, Ruby Dandridge, Eddie Hodges, and Joi Lansing, and released by United Artists.Harrison's Reports film review; May 23, 1959, page 83. It was based upon the play of the same name by Arnold Schulman. The film introduced the song "High Hopes" by Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen, a Sinatra standard used as a campaign song by John F. Kennedy during the presidential election the following year.John F. Kennedy Presidential Library & Museum Sinatra portrays a lowlife dreamer named Tony whose old friend Jerry Marks, now a rich man, expresses interest in his plan to build a Disneyland in Florida (the film predates Walt Disney World by 12 years)—until Jerry notices that Tony seems too desperate when the latter cheers for a dog upon which he's bet heavily. The movie ends with Tony, his lady friend Eloise, and his son Ally singing "High Hopes" on the beach. Sinatra sings "All My Tomorrows," another Cahn/Van Heusen song, under the opening titles. Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "High Hopes". ==Plot== Tony Manetta moved from the shabby area of the Bronx, New York to Miami, Florida with two friends, searching for wealth and success. One friend became prosperous over the next 20 years (owning luxury hotels) and is a promoter, while his younger friend drives a local taxi. Tony manages a small hotel called Garden of Eden. He grew up poor but spoiled, spending money on expensive suits and a Cadillac despite always being in debt and refusing to become more responsible. He is also a widowed father of an 11-year-old son named Alvin (nicknamed Ally). In debt, the rent five months in arrears, Tony is given 48 hours by his landlord, Abe Diamond, to raise $5,300 or else lose the hotel. In desperation, Tony calls his older brother Mario, who owns and operates a clothing store and has already loaned Tony money multiple times. Tony lies and says he needs a loan because Ally is ill. Mario and wife Sophie promptly fly from New York City to Miami and discover the truth. In Mario's eyes, Tony is a bum who wastes money on fanciful dreams rather than honest, hard work. He agrees to stake Tony the funds but only for a sensible small business, not dreams of fancy hotels or casinos. Mario also sets him up with Eloise Rogers, a widow and an acquaintance of Sophie, who is considered a more appropriate companion for Tony than his current girlfriend, Shirl. To his surprise, Tony is impressed with Eloise. Ally also takes an immediate liking to her. Mario offends her, however, with prying questions about her late husband's will and finances, causing Tony to confess why they were introduced. Eloise reveals to Tony that, having lost both her husband and son, she appreciates the notion of being with someone who needs her. The old childhood pal, Jerry Marks, now a wealthy promoter, invites Tony to a party. Pretending to be prosperous, Tony explains his scheme to buy land in Florida and open a second Disneyland there. Jerry seems interested in being his partner again. He takes Tony to a greyhound racing track, where Tony uses the $500 he earned from selling his Cadillac to match Jerry's large bet. His dog wins, but he lets it ride in the next race on a dog called Lucky Ally. The obvious desperation in Tony's voice as he roots for the dog to win indicates to Jerry that he is not a man of means. Jerry chastises him afterwards and tries to brush him off by insultingly handing him some cash. When Tony throws the cash handout back in Jerry's face, Tony is punched by one of Jerry's bodyguards. Literally a beaten man, Tony decides it would be best if Ally lived in New York with Mario and Sophie, telling the unconvinced boy that he is unwanted. Tony goes off to the beach by himself, but Ally finds him, and soon Eloise happily joins them. Mario and Sophie decide to take a long overdue vacation. ==Cast== ==Broadway play== The film was based on the Broadway play of the same name by Arnold Schulman. It debuted at the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on February 28, 1957, and featured actor Paul Douglas in the lead role. The play earned a Tony Award for Boris Aronson in 1958 for Best Scenic Design. On July 13, 1957, the show closed after a total of 156 performances.Broadway play infoTime magazine article from 1957 Sinatra's agent, Bert Allenberg, bought the film rights for $200,000 plus 5% of the profits. The play/film was re-adapted a decade later as the Broadway musical Golden Rainbow, a theatrical vehicle for Steve Lawrence and Eydie Gorme. The play had originated as a one-act play titled "The Dragon's Head", written by Schulman during Robert Anderson's playwriting course of the American Theatre Wing in 1949. It was expanded and staged by the Theatre Guild in Westport, Connecticut under the name My Fiddle Has Three Strings. Schulman wrote a new version titled The Hearts of Forgotten Hotel and shortened it to a one-hour version, which was broadcast as part of the Playwrights '56 anthology television series in 1955. The show drew the attention of Garson Kanin, who asked Schulman to convert it for Broadway. ==Production== The screenplay was adapted by Schulman, whose father was the operator of a hotel in Miami, Florida, like the protagonist of A Hole in the Head. The actual hotel used for the exterior shots was the Cardozo Hotel, located on Miami Beach's Ocean Drive. Shot over 40 days from 10 November 1958 to 9 January 1959, the film did was not a smooth production, particularly during the location filming at Miami Beach. Sinatra's relations with the press were problematic, with the media concentrating on anti-Sinatra rumors.O'Brien, D. The Frank Sinatra Film Guide, Butler & Tanner, London. Aided by William Daniels, Capra completed the film 80 days ahead of schedule, partly the result of his shooting very long takes, knowing of Sinatra's famed antipathy for doing a scene more than once. Its final production cost of $1.89 million was under the allotted budget. ==Release== The film opened on June 17, 1959. Although having some positive reviews, the film was a modest box-office success, earning theatrical rentals of $5.2 million in the United States and Canada. Schulman wrote a novel based on the film containing additional material. ==Accolades== The film is recognized by American Film Institute in these lists: * 2004: AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs: ** "High Hopes" – Nominated ==See also== * List of American films of 1959 ==References== ==External links== * * * * * Tribute Site Category:1959 films Category:1959 comedy films Category:American comedy films Category:American films based on plays Category:Films directed by Frank Capra Category:Films scored by Nelson Riddle Category:Films set in hotels Category:Films set in Miami Category:Films that won the Best Original Song Academy Award Category:Films about gambling Category:United Artists films Category:CinemaScope films Category:1950s English-language films Category:1950s American films
55834954	A Garden of Glass	A Garden of Glass refers to a stained glass window in the Nieuwe Kerk, Amsterdam, designed and installed for the silver jubilee of Queen Beatrix in 2005, by the artist Marc Mulders. In 2004 the National Committee for the Silver Jubilee of Queen Beatrix was formed. The committee settled on a stained glass window in the Nieuwe Kerk as a fitting memorial as that is the location where the Queen was inaugurated."Ramen Mulders tekenen onze tijd", nrc.nl, 29 April 2005 The window is made up of 40 individual panels that include various mushrooms, flowers and butterflies. It hangs opposite the commemorative window from 1995 celebrating 50 years of freedom. A book was published the same year by Lien Heyting about the window, explaining the symbolism of the various figures.Een tuin van glas herdenkingsraam Zilveren Regeringsjubileum Koningin Beatrix 2005, on WorldCat The next year Marc Mulders made a stained-glass window commemorating the re-opening of Museum Catharijneconvent with the theme Apocalypse and on 2 September 2016 he made a stained-glass window commemorating Erasmus which was installed in the Janskerk, Gouda.Het Erasmusglas van Marc Mulders , church website File:Marc mulders, vetrata del'apocalisse, 2006, 02.jpg|Apocalypse (detail), Utrecht File:SintJanskerkGouda-Glas1c-Erasmus.jpg|Erasmus window, Gouda ==References== Category:Stained glass windows Category:Arts in the Netherlands
55850855	A Fleet's Dancer	A Fleet's Dancer (born February 19, 1995) was a Kentucky bred racehorse that became a competitive runner in Canada. == Race career == While he was a black- type winner throughout his career, with a win in the Grade III Canadian Derby during his three-year-old year, his best year was his six-year-old season. He would go on to win the two Grade III races, Dominion Day Handicap and Durham Cup Handicap; while placing in the grade two Saratoga Breeders' Cup Handicap, and Kentucky Cup Classic Handicap. His performances in these races would win him the 2001 Sovereign Award for Champion Older Male Horse. == Retired == A Fleet's Dancer retired in 2002 to Anson Stud Farm in Caldon East, Ontario, Canada. He sired a few stakes performers, but nothing close to his caliber. He only produced a few crops before he was euthanized in 2007. It's rumored that he had a difficult temperament and injured a farm employee before being put down. == References == Category:1995 racehorse births Category:Racehorses bred in Kentucky Category:Racehorses trained in the United States Category:Thoroughbred family 5-g
55915239	A Hairdresser's Experience in High Life	Eliza Potter, a freeborn woman of mixed race during the antebellum period, chronicles her experience as a hairdresser, the gossip she encounters, and her life experiences both in the United States and Europe in her book, A Hairdresser's Experience in High Life. ==Historical context== Eliza Potter’s narrative was published in 1859 prior to the Civil War. She writes her narrative as a free black woman of mixed race during the antebellum era who travels throughout the United States and Europe. ==Summary== ===The Preface: "The Author's Appeal"=== In Eliza Potter’s preface to her narrative, Potter states the reason for writing her book: “[I]nfluenced by the earnest persuasions of may ladies and gentlemen, I have at last concluded that I might just as well note down a few of my experiences for their amusement as not.” Potter tells her audience that the purpose of her writing is to give her audience the gossip that they had requested from her. Also in her preface, Potter compares the importance of her profession as a hairdresser to that of a physician or clergyman: “But no where do hearts betray themselves more unguardedly than in the private boudoir . . . Why, then, should not the hair- dresser write, as well as the physician and clergyman." Potter explains that her work as a hairdresser is equally as valuable to other vocations. ===Chapter One: "My Debut"=== Potter begins her chapter by explaining the nature of her writing style. She calls this disorganized way of writing “a little harum scarum.” She then begins her story by saying that she grew up in New York and worked in service of people, but always desired to travel. In the chapter, she details her travels to various cities in Canada, Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, Louisville, Washington City, and Paris. During this time, Potter states that she worked as a hairdresser to several different ladies. Also within the chapter, Potter comments on her ideas of lady hood and the slave trade. ===Chapter Two: "England"=== In “England,” Potter reveals the way she is treated as a free black woman during the antebellum era in various parts of the world. She travels with the S. family in this chapter and records her experiences. Potter also notes the differences between how servants are treated in Europe versus America. ===Chapter Three: "America"=== At the beginning of the chapter, Potter tells how she lived with a family in Cincinnati. Desiring to travel again, Potter leaves for Memphis and accounts how slaves are treated there. She then goes to New Orleans but does not leave the ship. Later in the chapter, Potter tells about some of the women whose hair she dresses and gossip of a woman whose husband left her. ===Chapter Four: "Saratoga"=== Eliza Potter details her experiences at the United States Hotel. She tells about the ballroom, describes ladylike attire, and depicts fashion in the U.S. In this chapter, Potter discloses several stories of gossip but explains that she “merely write[s] them out for the amusement of those who may wish to indulge themselves in a little gossip.” She also mentions how chambermaids are treated. Later, she gives accounts of marriages and deaths in high life. ===Chapter Five: "Leaving Saratoga - Burning of the Baggage Car - Visit to New York"=== Potter starts her chapter by saying that she has returned to Albany, but she first wants to tell a story of when she left and the baggage cart caught flame. She attempts to retrieve her clothing and describes her amusement when gentlemen questioned her ability to have an expensive wardrobe. After this event, Potter depicts various mansions in New York. ===Chapter Six: "New Port - The Maid's Story"=== Potter states that she is now going to go back in time to when she worked at Saratoga to tell a story. In the chapter, Potter describes her own dress at a ball in comparison to other white ladies in high life. She states that her “own dress was the brightest crimson that could be found.” Afterwards, she retells a story that a maid told her about how a woman in high life cheated on her husband. ===Chapter Seven: "Minnie"=== Potter reminisces on her experience working for a family in Kentucky and the story of one of their daughters Minnie. A gentlemen by the name of Noble fall in love with Minnie, but Potter says, “Minnie, young as she was, already loved another.” Minnie marries Noble to the delight of her mother. However, Minnie proves to be unhappy since Noble attempts to control her. Potter then explains how Minnie leaves Noble. ===Chapter Eight: "Natchez - New Orleans"=== In “Natchez – New Orleans”, Potter explains how women use her work as a hairdresser to make themselves beautiful despite in reality being ugly. She also provides an account of race relations and how a woman of color proved to be the “most tyrannical, overbearing, cruel task-mistress that ever existed.” Additionally, Potter discloses the story of when she critiques a woman in high life. When a lady and man conversed in front of her in French to conceal their conversation, Potter chastises the woman. She closes her chapter by describing the unjust treatment of slaves. ===Chapter Nine: "Cincinnati"=== Potter begins her chapter by giving a description of her profession. She then shifts her focus to explain how parties are conducted in France and England (121). Potter then explains her time in servitude to Mr. L. Potter believes Mr. L is a true gentleman who has done numerous good deeds under her observation. Potter also expounds upon her views of slavery and abolitionists. Later in the chapter, Potter gives her explanation of what constitutes a lady. She closes her narrative by giving her opinion to a lady at the opera. ==Critical analysis== *In Francis Smith Foster's book, Written by Herself: Literary Production by African American Women 1746–1892, she discusses how African American women “consciously revised [literary] tradition to more accurately conform to their truths and their visions. . . . And they were testing ways in which the English language and its literature might better serve them as African American women writers.” *Rnyetta Davis argues that Potter's “adeptness at pointing out white women’s performances shows not only her ability to spot frauds, but also illustrates her refusal to pass for something she is not. Unlike the fraudulent women she encounters, Potter does not wear false, fake or borrowed jewelry, or shoes and clothing that are too small.” *Xiomara Santamarina in her book Belabored Professions states that by maintaining distance, Potter receives her white audience's trust and seemingly remains in her societal designated sphere: “Having established her independence from her clients as wage laborer appears to have worked to Potter’s advantage, since it could be viewed as adhering to racial and class hierarchies.” *Lisa Ze Winters argues that New Orleans, a state where slavery was legal, would cause Potter to share her beliefs: “A city as infamous for the size of its slave market . . . could not function merely as a discursive site for Potter. . . . Indeed, Potter consistently reminds her readers of the terror faced by any black woman, slave or free, moving across a U.S. landscape.” ==References== Category:1859 books Category:American memoirs Category:Hairdressers
55949069	A Fal	A Fal (Hungarian for The Wall) is a game show broadcast on Hungarian television station RTL Klub. It is affiliated with the U.S. game show The Wall. The eponymous wall is a five-story-tall pegboard, similar to a pachinko game or bean machine; it also is similar to the Plinko board used for that pricing game of the same name on The Price Is Right. The bottom of the board is divided into 15 slots marked with various Hungarian forint amounts, some of which increase as the game progresses. Seven numbered "drop zones" are centered at the top of the board (above the center seven slots), from which balls can be dropped into play. A team of two contestants plays each game, with a potential top prize of 100,000,000 Ft. Green balls dropped on the board will add to the team's bank, while red balls dropped on the board will subtract from it. Throughout the game, the bank has a floor of 0 Ft. Money/Parts 1. 2, 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 1\. Round 10 10.000 1000 100.000 100 40.000 10 220.000 10 40.000 100 100.000 1000 20.000 10 2\. Round 10 20.000 1000 40.000 100 80.000 10 160.000 10 320.000 100 640.000 1000 2.2 MILLION 10 3\. Round 10 200.000 1000 400.000 100 800.000 10 1.6 MILLION 10 2.2 MILLION 100 3 MILLION 1000 8 MILLION 10 Episode Contestants Total offer Final Bank Total Contract Decision Broadcast 1.R* Zsuzsa and Péter 749.140 Ft 13.518.140 Ft Rejected November 19, 2017 2.R* Bori and Attila 790.000 Ft 9.341.280 Ft Accepted December 2, 2017 1\. Kata and Luca 800.020 Ft 4.617.740 Ft Rejected February 5, 2018 2\. Kata and Bence 1.290.130 Ft 10.157.380 Ft Accepted February 6, 2018 3\. Anita and Gyöngyi 800.110 Ft 0 Ft Rejected February 7, 2018 4\. Anita and István 672.260 Ft 14.199.870 Ft Rejected February 8, 2018 5\. Dóra and Zsolt 1.091.010 Ft 0 Ft Rejected February 9, 2018 6\. Ármin and Kristóf 1.771.330 Ft 7.722.420 Ft Rejected February 12, 2018 7\. Tímea and Fruzsina 1.932.410 Ft 0 Ft Rejected February 13, 2018 8\. Fanni and Domonkos 1.563.220 Ft 7.475.110 Ft Rejected February 14, 2018 9\. Henrietta and Gyuri 1.151.220 Ft 221.420 Ft Rejected February 15, 2018 10\. Györgyi and Andi 1.480.260 Ft 0 Ft Rejected February 16, 2018 11\. Renáta and Ferenc 1.413.100 Ft 3.601.090 Ft Rejected February 19, 2018 : The contestants won more than 8 million Ft : The contestants left with the larger possible amount : The contestants left with the smaller possible amount : The contestants left with nothing at all. R*: The first and second broadcast recorded in Milan. ==Seasons== Seasons Season opening Season closing Host Episodes Original channel "Test transmission" 19 November 2017 2 December 2017 Balázs Sebestyén 2 RTL Klub 1\. 5 February 2018 23 March 2018 33 2\. 14 May 2018 8 June 2018 19 Category:Hungarian game shows Category:2010s Hungarian television series Category:2017 Hungarian television series debuts Category:2018 Hungarian television series endings Category:Non-American television series based on American television series Category:RTL (Hungarian TV channel) original programming
5615055	A Fresh Start	A Fresh Start is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company. The film is the story of Jim, a chauffeur, who is fired from his job for being drunk. Jim becomes a tramp, but decides to reform after a little girl orders her butler to give him food. He encounters her again at the zoo and notices that two men are following the girl and her parents. Jim uncovers a plot to kidnap her and takes the place of their chauffeur. Jim then drives the kidnappers to the police station and secures a new position as the family's chauffeur. According to a trade review, the actual kidnapping scene and where Jim overpowers the villain's chauffeur is not actually depicted. The reviewer also stated the strength of the production is not in the plot, but in the staging and photography. The film was released on September 2, 1910, and it likely had a wide national release. The film is presumed lost. == Plot == Though the film is presumed lost, a synopsis survives in The Moving Picture World from September 3, 1910. It states: "Jim, an expert chauffeur, is discharged from a garage, for insobriety. Penniless and being unable to obtain a new situation, he takes to the road, a common tramp. At one house where he applies for food, he is harshly refused, and is about to turn away and try his luck elsewhere, when little Marie, the daughter of the house, comes to his assistance and orders the butler to at once give him the food he requires. She also picks a rose for him from the garden. Jim strolls into a nearby park and sits on a bench to enjoy his lunch. He is about to take a drink from the ever- present flask, which he takes from his pocket, when the sight of the rose, which the sweet-faced little girl gave him, inspires him with a desire to reform. He throws the flask from him, and refreshed by the lunch, he starts out with a new ambition to face the world." "Little Marie also visits the park with her parents. While viewing the wonderful zoo it contains she is seen and recognized by Jim. While admiring the little girl and viewing her enjoyment over the wonders of the zoo, Jim notices that two evil-looking men are apparently shadowing the little one and her parents. Jim's suspicions are aroused, and he determines to watch closely the actions of the mysterious pair. He finds that they have arranged with a chauffeur to assist in carrying off little Marie and holding her for ransom. Seizing an opportune moment, Jim forces the plotting chauffeur to turn over his auto, and disguised in the other man's coat, cap and goggles, he calmly awaits the conspirators. When the two wicked men return, after having successful enticed Marie away from her parents, they give the driver of their auto directions as to where to drive. Jim simply nods assent and drives quickly off, but instead of taking them to the destination they directed, he lands them safe at the police station, where they are quickly taken into custody. Here Marie is united to her parents, whom she easily persuades to offer her rescuer a life position." == Production == The writer of the scenario is unknown, but it was most likely Lloyd Lonergan. He was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions. The film director is unknown, but it may have been Barry O'Neil. Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production, but at least two possible candidates exist. Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company, but he was soon joined by Carl Louis Gregory who had years of experience as a still and motion picture photographer. The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions. Only the role of Marie Eline is cited by Bowers, but a surviving film still raises the possibility of identifying several more actors in the production. Bowers states that most of the credits are fragmentary for 1910 Thanhouser productions. Little is known on the actual production of the film, but The New York Dramatic Mirror reviewer provided some insight into the production. The review and the synopsis are at odds on several aspects including on whether or not the man was fired for drunkenness or for no reason. In this case, it can be assumed that a drunken state was either not depicted or done inadequately. The reviewer states the "impossible parts of the plot are gracefully omitted" in reference to the abduction of the little girl played by Marie Eline and the overpowering of the chauffeur. Here the synopsis also differs, saying the girl is enticed away instead of being kidnapped. Though the overpowering of the chauffeur is required and acknowledged in the synopsis, the reviewer makes clear the actual method is not depicted. The reviewer also had a keen eye for detail, stating that the passengers disembarked into the middle of the street instead of on the sidewalk. The final scene's setting is captured in a surviving film still that shows the little girl persuading her parents to hire Jim in the police station with three officers looking on in the background. == Release and reception == The single reel drama, approximately 1,000 feet long, was released on September 2, 1910. The film was distributed by the Motion Picture Distributing and Sales Company. The film likely had a wide release like other Thanhouser releases. Known advertisements by theaters include those in Minnesota, Kansas, and Indiana. The film received mainly positive reviews from trade publications including The New York Dramatic Mirror which stated, "Although the story of the film does not promise a great deal, the scenes are developed with enough care for details to carry it easily. More is due to the stage management in this case than to the author. A chauffeur, dismissed for no reason by his employer, is down and out. Resorting to beggary, he is kindly treated by a little girl whom he later repays by rescuing her from two abductors. The grateful parents immediately give him a new chance at which he doubtless makes good. Except for the point where the beggar overhears the accomplices, the acting is good. The impossible parts of the plot are gracefully omitted - the abduction itself, and the overpowering of the chauffeur who was in the plot. In the last scene it is noted that the occupants of the automobile all disembark into the middle of the street instead of upon the sidewalk. Doubtless their excitement excuses their indiscretion." This review serves to highlight the actual action of the lost film and some of the execution of the scenes. The reviewer states that the chauffeur is dismissed for no reason, whereas the synopsis for drunkenness and it is possible that the scene was not depicted. Walton of The Moving Picture News approved of the film for its plot and execution. The Moving Picture World review is a more neutral one, but it concludes that, "[p]ictures like this might serve as an encouragement to reformation, but it is better to consider them as a species of entertainment, not to be despised, and yet, on the other hand, not to be accepted too literally." ==See also== * List of American films of 1910 == References == Category:1910 films Category:1910 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Thanhouser Company films Category:Lost American films Category:1910 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films
56371431	A Hole in the Wall (1950 film)	A Hole in the Wall (French: Un trou dans le mur) is a 1950 French comedy film directed by Émile Couzinet and starring André Alerme, Marguerite Pierry and Raymond Galle. It is based on a play by Yves Mirande which had previously been made into a 1930 film of the same title.Goble p.328 ==Cast== * André Alerme as Campignac * Marguerite Pierry as Artémise Corbin * Raymond Galle as André de Kerdrec * Jacqueline Dor as Lucie * Nina Myral as La concierge * Gaby Basset as La cliente * François Joux as Anatole * Palau as L'antiquaire * Claudette Falco as La secrétaire == References == == Bibliography == * Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999. == External links == * Category:1950 comedy films Category:French comedy films Category:1950 films Category:1950s French-language films Category:Films directed by Émile Couzinet Category:Remakes of French films Category:French black-and-white films Category:1950s French films fr:Un trou dans le mur
56380311	A Bear Named Winnie	A Bear Named Winnie is a 2004 made-for-television drama film directed by John Kent Harrison. It stars Michael Fassbender and David Suchet. It concerns one of the real-life inspirations behind A. A. Milne's Winnie The Pooh. ==Plot== At the outbreak of World War 1, troops march through the Manitoban city of Winnipeg. Among them is Lieutenant Harry Colebourn (Fassbender), a veteran with a gift for animals. He soon meets a bear, Winnie, who provides comfort for the soldiers and by order of General Hallholland (David Suchet), becomes the regimental mascot. == Cast == ==Copyright== To avoid legal problems concerning the copyrights of both Disney and the Milne estate, Winnie the Pooh and anything related to the property is never referenced nor discussed throughout the film. ==Critical response== John Ferguson of The Radio Times awarded it two stars and said, "This touching fact-based drama almost manages to carry off its combination of First World War setting and sentimental tale, but is unsure of its target audience." == See also == *Goodbye Christopher Robin - a 2017 biographical drama film about Milne and his son, with Vaughan also acting as a writer and producer. ==References== ==Bibliography== * ==External links== * A Bear Named Winnie at the Internet Movie Database * A Bear Named Winnie at Rotten Tomatoes Category:2004 films Category:2004 television films Category:2004 biographical drama films Category:Canadian war drama films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:World War I films based on actual events Category:Films set in 1914 Category:Films about bears Category:Films directed by John Kent Harrison Category:2004 drama films Category:Winnie-the-Pooh films Category:2000s English-language films Category:Canadian World War I films Category:2000s Canadian films
56426961	A Dangerous Adventure (serial)	A Dangerous Adventure is a 1922 American silent adventure serial film directed by Sam Warner and Jack L. Warner and written by Sam Warner. The film stars Grace Darmond, Philo McCullough, Jack Richardson, Robert Agnew, Derelys Perdue, and Rex De Rosselli. The film was released by Warner Bros. on November 1, 1922. ==Plot== As described in a film magazine review, two young women and their uncle trek into Africa in quest of buried treasure. They encounter wild animals, terrible natives, and rampaging storms but escape them all. The sweethearts of the women come to their rescue and bring them back. ==Cast== *Grace Darmond as Marjorie Stanton *Philo McCullough as MacDonald Hayden *Jack Richardson as Herbert Brandon *Robert Agnew as Jimmy Morrison *Derelys Perdue as Edith Stanton *Rex De Rosselli as Ubanga *Omar Whitehead as Native ==Chapter titles== # The Jungle Storm # The Sacrifice # The Lion Pit # Brandon's Revenge # At the Leopard's Mercy # The Traitor # The Volcano # The Escape # The Leopard's Cave # The Jungle Water Hole # The Hippopotamus Swamp # The Lion's Prey # In the Tiger's Lair # The Treasure Cave # The Rescue ==Reception== According to Warner Bros records the film earned $83,000 domestically and $59,000 foreign. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1922 films Category:American adventure films Category:1922 adventure films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:American silent serial films Category:American black-and-white films Category:1920s English-language films Category:1920s American films Category:Silent adventure films
56450073	A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood	A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood is a 2019 American biographical drama film on the TV presenter Fred Rogers, directed by Marielle Heller and written by Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster, inspired by the 1998 article "Can You Say... Hero?" by Tom Junod, published in Esquire. It stars Tom Hanks, Matthew Rhys, Susan Kelechi Watson, and Chris Cooper. It depicts Lloyd Vogel (Rhys), a troubled journalist for Esquire who is assigned to profile television icon Fred Rogers (Hanks). The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2019, and was theatrically released in the United States on November 22, 2019, by Sony Pictures Releasing. It grossed $68 million worldwide. Critics praised Hanks and Rhys's performances, Heller's direction, and its heart-warming messages. It was chosen by Time magazine as one of the ten best films of the year. For his performance, Hanks was nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the Academy Awards, as well as the Golden Globes, Critics' Choice, Screen Actors Guild Awards, and BAFTA Awards, among others. ==Plot== In 1998, at the beginning of an episode of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, Mr. Rogers displays a picture board with five doors. Three of the doors are opened to reveal the familiar faces of Lady Aberlin, King Friday, and Mr. McFeely. The fourth door is opened to reveal the face of Mr. Rogers' troubled new friend, Lloyd Vogel, who has a cut near his nose. Mr. Rogers explains that Lloyd has been hurt (and not necessarily on his face), and he is struggling to forgive the one who hurt him. After explaining what forgiveness means, Mr. Rogers leaves to visit Lloyd. Lloyd Vogel is an Esquire journalist known for his cynical writing. He attends his sister Lorraine's wedding with his wife Andrea and their newborn son, Gavin. During the reception, Lloyd is approached by his estranged father, Jerry, who notes his son’s new family. When Jerry mentions Lloyd's deceased mother Lila, whom Jerry cheated on and abandoned twenty years earlier, Lloyd fiercely tells him not to, and when Jerry insists on explaining his marital frustration, punches his father before being punched against the wall by another guest, explaining the cut by his nose. Lloyd's editor, Ellen, assigns him to interview children's television presenter Fred Rogers for a 400-word article about heroes. Lloyd feels that the assignment is beneath him, but is informed that none of the other heroes were willing to talk to him. Still cynical, Lloyd questions whether Mister Rogers is "for real". Lloyd travels to the WQED studio in Pittsburgh to interview him. Rogers is dismissive of his fame and displays concern for Lloyd's nose injury. With coaxing, he relates some of the issues with his father, whose apology and attempt at reconciliation Lloyd has rebuffed. Rogers tells him his ways of dealing with anger, including striking the keys of a piano. Determined to expose Rogers' friendly persona as an act, Lloyd watches several episodes of Rogers' show, but cannot discern anything. Interviewing Rogers again when he visits New York, seemingly dodging Lloyd's questions, he reminisces about raising his two sons. Fred takes out his puppets and asks Lloyd about his childhood rabbit stuffed animal and his father, provoking Lloyd into ending the interview. Lloyd arrives home to find Jerry and his wife Dorothy having brought pizza while talking with Andrea. They have a terse argument over Jerry’s absence during Lila’s cancer progression and his self-development since. As Lloyd relates how his mother suffered hysterically in her last moments with only him and his sister present, Jerry suffers a heart attack and is transported to the hospital. Faced with his resurgent trauma at staying overnight at the hospital for Jerry, Lloyd decides to go to Pittsburgh to see Rogers for counsel under the guise of work against Andrea’s protests. Exhausted on arriving, he envisions himself as Rogers’ guest, being asked about hospitals. Next, he finds himself wearing rabbit ears and shrunken to the size of Daniel Striped Tiger and King Friday XIII, while Rogers and Andrea (as Lady Aberlin) tower over him. Finally, Lloyd also dreams about Lila, who gently recognizes his anger being for her memory, but assures him that she doesn’t need it. Lloyd awakens to find he collapsed on set. Rogers and his wife, Joanne, bring Lloyd to their home to recuperate. The men later go to a restaurant, where Rogers asks Lloyd to spend one minute thinking about the people who "loved him into being", and encourages him to forgive Jerry. Lloyd apologizes to Andrea for leaving her and Gavin at the hospital and visits Jerry and Dorothy at their home. He learns Jerry is dying of cardiac stenosis, and that is why Jerry attempted to reconnect with Lloyd. Lloyd forgives him, promises to be a better father, and writes an article about Rogers' impact on his life. Lorraine, her husband Todd, and Rogers visit Jerry. Rogers asks Jerry to pray for him before he departs. Jerry dies shortly after Rogers' visit and Lloyd's 10,000-word article, "Can You Say... Hero?" is published as Esquires cover story. At his studio, Rogers finishes the episode he was earlier working on, opening the fifth and final door on his picture board, revealing a picture of Lloyd happily reunited with his family. As the production ends, Mr. Rogers plays the piano alone, stops, strikes the keys in frustration, and resumes playing. ==Cast== * Matthew Rhys as Lloyd Vogel: A cynical journalist who is assigned to profile Fred Rogers for the magazine Esquire. Lloyd is based loosely on journalist Tom Junod, whose encounter with Rogers was adapted into the film. Director Marielle Heller described Lloyd as the viewer's "entry point into Fred's teachings" and expressed hope that Lloyd's character development and growth as a new father would compel viewers to reflect upon themselves. * Tom Hanks as Fred Rogers: The creator and host of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood. To prepare for his role, Hanks visited the Fred Rogers Center at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, for research in the Fred Rogers Archives and also watched Won't You Be My Neighbor?, a 2018 documentary film. At the 2019 Toronto International Film Festival, Hanks recalled watching "hundreds of hours" of footage of Rogers on set and behind the scenes in order to get into character. Heller noted that Rogers "doesn't have the dynamic nature you need for a protagonist for a movie" and considered him "the antagonist [...] who comes into someone's life and flips it upside down through his philosophy and the way he lived his life". * Susan Kelechi Watson as Andrea Vogel: A public attorney, Lloyd's wife, and a fan of Rogers' show. Watson, herself a fan of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, described her character as a "career woman" who faces unique challenges of patience and adaptation as the mother of a newborn. * Chris Cooper as Jerry Vogel: Lloyd's estranged father and a philanderer who cheated on his dying wife Lila and abandoned Lloyd and Lorraine when they were children. In a press interview for the film, Cooper described his character as "multidimensional" and compared filming a scene with Hanks to seeing the "eyes of God". * Maryann Plunkett as Joanne Rogers: Fred's wife. Plunkett met with Joanne Rogers to prepare for the role. * Enrico Colantoni as Bill Isler: The President & CEO of Family Communications. In a radio interview, Colantoni said he became friends with the real Bill Isler while filming and described his character as having been "so important to Fred". * Wendy Makkena as Dorothy Vogel: Jerry's second wife. Makkena described her character as part of Vogel's "dysfunctional, complicated family". * Tammy Blanchard as Lorraine Vogel: Lloyd's sister and Todd's wife. * Noah Harpster as Todd: Lorraine's husband and Lloyd's brother-in-law. * Christine Lahti as Ellen: Lloyd's editor. Additional cast members include Carmen Cusack as Margy, a producer of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood; Jessica Hecht as Lila Vogel, Lloyd's late mother and Jerry's ex-wife; Maddie Corman as Betty Aberlin, an actress starring as Lady Aberlin on Mister Rogers' Neighborhood; Daniel Krell as Mr. McFeely; and Jordan, Naomi, and Zoey Harsh as Gavin Vogel, Lloyd's son. Notable cameos in the film include Rogers' wife Joanne, Mr. McFeely actor David Newell, Family Communications head Bill Isler, and Mister Rogers' Neighborhood producer Margy Whitmer who appear as customers in a restaurant that Rogers and Lloyd meet in. Arsenio Hall and Oprah Winfrey make uncredited appearances in archive footage of talk shows that Lloyd watches in the film, and Fred Rogers appears in archive footage of his show during the ending credits, singing the song "You've Got to Do It". ==Production== On January 29, 2018, it was announced that Sony's TriStar Pictures had bought the worldwide distribution rights to the film You Are My Friend, a biographical film based on a 1998 Esquire magazine article about television personality Fred Rogers, who would be played by Tom Hanks. The script by Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster appeared on the 2013 Black List of best unproduced screenplays. It would be directed by Marielle Heller; its producers would be Big Beach's Marc Turtletaub and Peter Saraf along with Youree Henley. In July 2018, Matthew Rhys signed to play journalist Lloyd Vogel, with production set to start in September 2018. Being Welsh, Rhys had never heard of Fred Rogers before he was offered the role. In August 2018, Chris Cooper was added to play Vogel's father; and in September, Susan Kelechi Watson was added. In October 2018, Enrico Colantoni, Maryann Plunkett, Tammy Blanchard, Wendy Makkena, Sakina Jaffrey, Carmen Cusack, Harpster and Maddie Corman joined the cast. In 2018, Nate Heller was chosen to score the film. Principal photography began on September 10, 2018, in Pittsburgh, with several sets converted into New York City. Filming also took place in the Fred Rogers Studio at WQED (TV) where the late television host recorded Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, and at the Jewish Community Center in Squirrel Hill. The crew consulted with original crew members from Rogers' television series, and brought in the same cameras and monitors used in the original production. The film received tax credits of approximately $9.5 million against a production budget of $45 million for filming in Pittsburgh. Production wrapped on November 9, 2018. On October 12, 2018, sound mixer James Emswiller had a heart attack and fell from a second-story balcony. He was taken to University of Pittsburgh Medical Center-Mercy, where he was pronounced dead. The film's title was announced on December 27, 2018. The trailer was released on July 22, 2019. ==Release== A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 7, 2019. It was originally going to be released on October 18, 2019 by Sony Pictures Releasing, but in May 2018 was pushed back a month to November 22, 2019. It was released in China on September 18, 2020, after the country reopened theaters following COVID-19 pandemic lockdowns. ===Home media=== It was released by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment on Digital HD on February 4, 2020, and on Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray and DVD on February 18. ==Reception== ===Box office=== A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood grossed $61.7 million in the United States and Canada, and $6.7 million in other territories, for a worldwide total of $68.4 million, against a production budget of $25 million. In the United States and Canada, it was released alongside Frozen II and 21 Bridges, and was projected to gross around $15 million from 3,231 theaters in its opening weekend. It made $4.5 million on its first day, including $900,000 from Thursday night previews. It went on to debut to $13.3 million, finishing third at the box office. It fell just 11% in its second weekend, making $11.8 million and finishing fifth, and remained in fifth place the following weekend with $5.2 million. ===Critical response=== On review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average rating of . The website's critical consensus reads, "Much like the beloved TV personality that inspired it, A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood offers a powerfully affecting message about acceptance and understanding." On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 80 out of 100, based on 50 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale, while those at PostTrak gave it an average four out of five stars, with 66% saying they would definitely recommend it. Steve Pond of TheWrap wrote: "A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood finds a gentle state of grace and shows the courage and smarts to stay in that zone, never rushing things or playing for drama... But just as Mr. Rogers used his show to talk about big issues with children in a tone that was softer and more halting than you'd expect given the subject matter, so does Heller stick to understatement in a way that threatens to become dull or sappy but never does." Benjamin Lee of The Guardian wrote: "It's a given that Hanks will nab at least a best supporting actor nomination but it would be all too easy to forget his co-star. The cynic-becomes-a- believer arc is age old but it unfolds here without cliche thanks to an emotionally intelligent script from Noah Harpster and Micah Fitzerman-Blue, but mainly because of a marvelous, prickly turn from Rhys." Armond White of the National Review was more critical: "Heller and screenwriters Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster don't show enough faith in Rogers' remedies—and not enough interest in their religious origins. In short, the movie seems wary of faith (it briefly mentions that Rogers was an ordained minister) and settles for secular sentimentality to account for his sensibility and behavior. This not only weakens the film, but it also hobbles Hanks's characterization." ===Accolades=== Award Date of ceremony Category Recipient(s) Result AARP Movies for Grownups Awards January 19, 2020 Best Movie for Grownups A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Buddy Picture A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Best Intergenerational Movie A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Readers' Choice A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Academy Awards February 9, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Alliance of Women Film Journalists January 10, 2020 Best Writing, Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Woman Director Marielle Heller Austin Film Critics Association January 22, 2020 Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Art Directors Guild Awards February 1, 2020 Excellence in Production Design for a Contemporary Film Jade Healy British Academy Film Awards February 2, 2020 Best Actor in a Supporting Role Tom Hanks Central Ohio Film Critics Association January 2, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Chicago Film Critics Association Awards December 14, 2019 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Chicago Independent Film Critics Circle Awards January 4, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Costume Designers Guild Awards January 28, 2020 Excellence in Contemporary Film Arjun Bhasin Critics' Choice Movie Awards January 12, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Denver Film Critics Society January 6, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Detroit Film Critics Society Awards December 6, 2019 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Florida Film Critics Circle Awards December 23, 2019 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Georgia Film Critics Association January 10, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Golden Globe Awards January 5, 2020 Best Supporting Actor—Motion Picture Tom Hanks Golden Schmoes Awards 2019 Best Supporting Actor of the Year Tom Hanks Grammy Awards March 14, 2021 Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood – Various Artists Greater Western New York Film Critics Association Awards November 10, 2019 Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Hawaii Film Critics Society January 13, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman- Blue and Noah Harpster Hollywood Critics Association January 9, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks IGN Summer Movie Awards 2019 Best Supporting Performer in a Movie Tom Hanks Indiana Film Journalists Association August 16, 2019 Best Picture A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Iowa Film Critics Awards January 12, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Las Vegas Film Critics Society Awards December 13, 2019 Best Picture A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood London Film Critics Circle Awards 2019 January 30, 2020 Supporting Actor of the Year Tom Hanks Movieguide Awards January 24, 2020 Best Movie for Mature Audiences Tom Hanks Most Inspiring Movie Tom Hanks Most Inspiring Performance in Movies A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood North Carolina Film Critics Association January 3, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster North Texas Film Critics Association December 16, 2019 Best Picture A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Online Film & Television Association February 2, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Most Cinematic Moment A Moment of Silence Best Titles Sequence Online Film Critics Society Awards January 6, 2020 Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Phoenix Critics Circle December 14, 2019 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks San Francisco Film Critics Circle December 16, 2019 Best Screenplay Adapted Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Satellite Awards December 19, 2019 Best Supporting Actor—Motion Picture Tom Hanks Screen Actors Guild Awards January 19, 2020 Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role Tom Hanks Seattle Film Critics Awards December 16, 2019 Actor Tom Hanks Society of Camera Operators 2020 Feature Film Sam Ellison Vancouver Film Critics Circle January 6, 2020 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association December 8, 2019 Best Supporting Actor Tom Hanks Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster Writers Guild of America Awards February 1, 2020 Best Adapted Screenplay Micah Fitzerman- Blue and Noah Harpster ==References== ==External links== * * * * "Can You Say... Hero?", Esquire, November 1998 Category:2019 biographical drama films Category:2019 films Category:American biographical drama films Category:Big Beach (company) films Category:Biographical films about journalists Category:Biographical films about writers Category:Drama films based on actual events Category:Esquire (magazine) Category:Films about Fred Rogers Category:Films about father–son relationships Category:Films about television people Category:Films based on newspaper and magazine articles Category:Films directed by Marielle Heller Category:Films set in Pittsburgh Category:Films set in New York City Category:Films set in New Jersey Category:Films set in 1998 Category:Films shot in Pittsburgh Category:Tencent Pictures films Category:TriStar Pictures films Category:2019 drama films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films Category:English-language biographical drama films
56524908	A Different Drummer (novel)	A Different Drummer is the 1962 debut novel of William Melvin Kelley. It won the John Hay Whitney Foundation Award and Rosenthal Foundation Award of the National Institute of Arts and Letters.Nelson, Emmanuel Sampath, Contemporary African American Novelists, , 1999: "William Melvin Kelley has been a writer in residence at the State University of New York at Geneseo and has taught at the New School for Social Research. He has also been a freelance writer. He won fellowships to the New York Writers' Conference and the Bread Loaf Writers' Conference as well as receiving the John Hay Whitney Foundation Award and Rosenthal Foundation Award of the National Institute of Arts and Letters for his first novel, A Different Drummer." The title references Henry David Thoreau's lines: "If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer..."Andrews, William L., African American Literature: Voices in a Tradition, 1992, p. 519. . About the Author William Melvin Kelley (b. 1937): "Early in his career, William Melvin Kelley wrote: 'I am not a sociologist or a politician or a spokesman. Such people try to give answers. A writer, I think, should ask questions. He should depict people, not symbols or ideas disguised ...' Kelley's first novel, A Different Drummer, was published in 1962, when he was twenty-five. The title emphasizes the importance of individuality in Kelley's work. It comes from the famous lines of Henry David Thoreau: 'If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer...'." == Story == June 1957. One afternoon, in the backwater town of Sutton in an imaginary Southern state located between Mississippi and Alabama, a young black farmer, Tucker Caliban, matter-of-factly throws salt on his field, shoots his horse and livestock, sets fire to his house and leaves with his pregnant wife, starting an exodus of the entire African-American population from the state. The novel gives background and context to Caliban's act across a dozen chapters, each told from the perspective of different white townspersons. ==Structure== The original edition starts with an extended dedication (to the author's mother, his father and to "MSL"), and an epigraph (two separate stanzas from Walden by Henry David Thoreau, one of which includes the title of the book). The novel is divided into 11 titled chapters. The narrative is told from the viewpoint of the town's white inhabitants. ==References== Category:1962 American novels Category:1962 debut novels Category:African- American novels
56571830	A Humdrum Star	A Humdrum Star is the fourth studio album by the English band GoGo Penguin. It was released in February 2018 by Blue Note Records. ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart (2018) Peak position ==References== Category:2018 albums Category:GoGo Penguin albums Category:Blue Note Records albums
566082	A Kung Ngam	thumb|A Kung Ngam and Shau Kei Wan Typhoon Shelter in August 2006. thumb|Tam Kung Temple in A Kung Ngam in April 2012. thumb|A Kung Ngam Lighthouse. A Kung Ngam () is a village and an area in northeast Shau Kei Wan in the northeast of Hong Kong Island, in Hong Kong. It contains a fish terminal market, several temples and the Hong Kong Museum of Coastal Defence. ==Name== A Kung literally means maternal grandfather or old man in Cantonese while Ngam means rock, but in the case of this place name, "A Kung" refers to Tam Kung, a sea deity who the quarry workers believed in. A temple dedicated to Tam Kung is located in A Kung Ngam. ==History== A Kung Ngam was a rock quarry in the 19th century, and the area was predominantly inhabited by quarry workers who immigrated from Huizhou and Chaozhou. At the time of the 1911 census, the population of A Kung Ngam was 269. The number of males was 161. A fire broke out in the early morning of 31 October 2005. Some ten houses in the village were burnt. === A Kung Ngam Shipyards === A Kung Ngam Shipyards () was a port for export of stone materials in the mid 18th century. As there were so many ships, it became a typhoon shelter and shipyards were built. During the Dragon Boat Festivals, dragon boats races were held in , where dragon boats were once made by the shipyards. At the end of the 20th century, land reclamation from the sea caused fishing boats to anchor elsewhere. Nowadays, the number of shipyards has decreased due to a decrease in number of ships going there. ==Buildings== Temples in A Kung Ngam include: * Tam Kung Sin Shing Temple (譚公仙聖廟) * Yuk Wong Temple * Fook Tak Temple () * A Kung Ngam Lighthouse ==Education== A Kung Ngam is in Primary One Admission (POA) School Net 16. Within the school net are multiple aided schools (operated independently but funded with government money) and two government schools: Shau Kei Wan Government Primary School and Aldrich Bay Government Primary School. ==See also== * List of places in Hong Kong ==References== ==External links== * Maps and weather information for A Kung Ngam Category:Eastern District, Hong Kong
56610047	A Legacy of Spies	A Legacy of Spies is a 2017 spy novel by British writer John le Carré. ==Background== A Legacy of Spies is both a prequel and sequel to John le Carré's The Spy Who Came In from the Cold. In that book, MI6 agent Alec Leamas, motivated by the death of his operative Karl Riemeck in East Berlin, agrees to undertake one final mission to get revenge on the man he believes to be Riemeck's murderer, a high-ranking member of the Stasi named Hans-Dieter Mundt. In the course of Leamas's mission, which finds him unexpectedly extracted to East Berlin, he – along with his lover, a young Communist sympathiser named Liz Gold – is shot to death at the Berlin Wall, on orders of Mundt. The men responsible for dispatching Leamas – intelligence chief Control, Control's right-hand-man George Smiley, and Smiley's protégé Peter Guillam – escape unscathed, and it is revealed that Mundt was a double agent they were trying to protect all along, without telling Leamas. ==Plot overview== Now older and living in retirement on a farm in his native Brittany, Peter Guillam – who narrates the story in the first person – is summoned to MI6 headquarters to account for his actions during Operation Windfall, the espionage mission depicted in The Spy Who Came in from the Cold. Learning that Alec Leamas's now adult son, Christoph, is suing the British government for the wrongful death of his father and Elizabeth Gold, Guillam ruminates on the course of events that led to the death of agent Karl Riemeck, and how Guillam and Leamas worked together to try and save not only Riemeck's life but the lives of several other East Germans working with him to provide intelligence information to Britain. The narrative also ties events from other novels featuring George Smiley and Guillam, such as Call for the Dead and Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy, into the backstory of The Spy Who Came In from the Cold, and characters from those novels including Hans-Dieter Mundt, Bill Haydon, and Jim Prideaux make appearances. The book alternates between Guillam's recollections of the events leading up to Leamas's demise and his attempts in the present day to stop feeling guilty for his role; his avoidance of Christoph, who wants to blackmail him; and his efforts to learn the whereabouts of Smiley, who has gone off the grid following his own retirement. ==Themes== In an interview with the NPR series Fresh Air broadcast in the United States on 5 September 2017, le Carré told host Terry Gross that one of the reasons for writing the novel was "to make a case for Europe" in the wake of the 2016 British referendum, which resulted in a slim majority voting in favour of leaving the European Union. One conversation in the novel sounds like an emotional case for Remain and against Brexit: "'So was it all for England, then?' [Smiley] resumed. 'There was a time, of course there was. But whose England? Which England? England all alone, a citizen of nowhere? I'm a European, Peter." ==Critical reception== Writing in The Guardian, reviewer Robert McCrum called the novel "poignant and brilliant". Despite some misgivings, The New York Times reviewer Dwight Garner described it as "simmering". ==Notes== ==References== Category:Novels by John le Carré Category:British spy novels Category:2017 British novels Category:Viking Press books
56730357	A Bitter Lullaby	"A Bitter Lullaby" is a song performed by Swedish singer Martin Almgren. Almgren participated with the song in Melodifestivalen 2018 where it made it to the final from the third semi-final, finishing eighth.Martin Almgren och Jessica Andersson vidare till final Sveriges Radio. Retrieved 7 March 2018. ==Charts== Chart (2018) Peak position Sweden (Sverigetopplistan) 27 ==References== Category:2018 singles Category:English-language Swedish songs Category:Melodifestivalen songs of 2018 Category:Swedish pop songs
56836721	A Blonde for a Night	A Blonde for a Night is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by E. Mason Hopper and F. McGrew Willis and starring Marie Prevost, Franklin Pangborn and Harrison Ford.Munden p.68 The film's sets were designed by the art director Stephen Goosson. ==Premise== After an argument with her husband on their honeymoon in Paris, a wife disguises herself as a blonde woman to test her husband's fidelity. ==Cast== * Marie Prevost as Marcia Webster * Franklin Pangborn as Hector * Harrison Ford as Bob Webster * T. Roy Barnes as George Mason * Lucien Littlefield as Jenks ==References== ==Bibliography== * Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997. ==External links== * Category:1928 films Category:1928 comedy films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Films directed by E. Mason Hopper Category:American silent feature films Category:1920s English-language films Category:Films set in Paris Category:American black-and-white films Category:Pathé Exchange films Category:1920s American films
56857778	A Fistful of Peril	A Fistful of Peril is the third studio album by American hip hop trio Czarface, which consists of rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Inspectah Deck and underground hip hop duo 7L & Esoteric. It was released on October 25, 2016 via Silver Age. The album features guest appearances from Blacastan, Conway The Machine, Jesus Chrysler, Meyhem Lauren, Psycho Les and Rast RFC. ==Track listing== All tracks produced by The Czar-Keys & Esoteric ==Personnel== *Seamus Ryan – main artist, performer, co-producer, executive producer *Jason Richard Hunter – main artist, performer, executive producer *George Andrinopoulos – main artist, producer, executive producer *Lester Fernandez – featured artist (track 4) *Demond Price – featured artist (track 6) *Ira Osu – featured artist (track 8) *James Rencher – featured artist (track 10) *Rast RFC – featured artists (track 10) *Jesus Chrysler – additional vocals (track 9) *Jeremy Page – guitar, bass & keyboards (tracks: 3, 6, 9, 11) *Todd Spadafore – producer *Joseph Caserta – mixing *Wes Garland – mastering *Alfredo Rico-Dimas – design & layout *Benjamin Marra – artwork ==Charts== Chart (2016) Peak position scope="row" scope="row" scope="row" scope="row" ==References== ==External links== Category:2016 albums Category:Czarface albums Category:7L & Esoteric albums Category:Inspectah Deck albums Category:Collaborative albums
56880098	A J Balliol Salmon	Arthur John Balliol Salmon (1868 – 1953) was a British artist particularly noted for his illustrations and his work in pencil, chalk and pastels. He was one of the twenty leading illustrators selected by Percy V. Bradshaw for inclusion in his Art of the Illustrator. ==Biography== thumb|Fancy Dress Ball at the Royal Palace Hotel, Kensington, in aid of Our Dumb Friend's Leaguethumb|Calling the roll in the courtyard at Eton on the "Fourth of June" 1907 Salmon was born in Manchester, Lancashire, England on 1 June 1868. He was the son of Henry Curwen Salmon and Ellen Fennell, who had married on 6 May 1857. Balliol Salmon studied for a year under Fred Brown at the Westminster School, where his fellow pupils were F. H. Townsend and Fred Pegram. Salmon continued his training, together with Fred Pegram at Paris ateliers. He trained at the Academie Julian in Paris. He lived in Glasgow and London. He pursued a career as teacher and illustrator, notably for The Graphic. Houfe wrote in his Dictionary of Nineteenth-Century British Book Illustrators and Caricaturists (1996) that Balliol Salmon was one of the best pencil and chalk artists to work for the press in the Edwardian era. Balliol Salmon was chosen by art instructor Percy V. Bradshaw as one of the artists to illustrate "The Art of the Illustrator", the seminal collection of twenty portfolios demonstrating six stages of a single painting or drawing by twenty different artists and published in 1918.Title: Balliol Salmon and His Work - The Art of The... Publisher: Press Art School, London Publication Date: 1920 ==Selected illustrations== * Sir Cosmo Duff-Gordon At The British Wreck Commissioner's Inquiry Into The Titanic Disaster - Illustrated London News, 25 May 1912 (Gouache) * Love Letter, 1908 Ink, watercolour and gouache * Portrait of Joan Bright. * Portrait of Ada Reeve on board White Star RMS Majestic 1911 ==Book illustrations for the series of books by Angela Brazil== Salmon was Angela Brazil's favourite among her illustrators with his lovely elongated schoolgirls. He illustrated seven of her books in the UK. Different illustrators were used for different markets. Freeman states that Salmon's illustrations were jettisoned for comic cartoons in France and winsomeness in America. In the following list PG indicates whether the book is available on Project Guthenberg. The list is based on searches on Jisc library hub discover, checked against the bibliography in Sims and Clare's Encyclopedia of Girls' School Stories. Books by Angela Brazil and illustrated by Salmon No Title Published Year Pages (from Jisc) On PG 1 The Jolliest Term on Record Blackie, London 1915 288 p., 8º 2 The Luckiest Girl in the School Blackie, London 1916 296 p., 6 ill., 8º 3 The Madcap of the School Blackie, London 1917 288 p., 8º 4 A Patriotic Schoolgirl Blackie, London 1918 288 p., 6 ill., 8º 5 For the School Colours Blackie, London 1918 288 p., 8º 6 The Head Girl at the Gables Blackie, London 1919 288 p., 6 ill., 8º 7 A Popular Schoolgirl Blackie, London 1920 288 p., 5 ill., 8º ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * National Portrait Gallery * Victoria and Albert Museum Category:1868 births Category:1953 deaths Category:20th-century British artists Category:Académie Julian alumni Category:Alumni of the Westminster School of Art Category:British illustrators Category:Artists from Manchester Category:People from Northiam Category:20th-century British male artists
56881426	A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo	A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo is a 2018 children's book written by Jill Twiss and illustrated by EG Keller (a pseudonym of Gerald Kelley). The book is about a fictional day in the life of Marlon Bundo, the real-life pet rabbit of then-Vice President of the United States Mike Pence, and details the same-sex romance between Marlon Bundo and another rabbit named Wesley. It is a loose parody of Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President, another children's book featuring Marlon Bundo written by Charlotte Pence and illustrated by Karen Pence. The book and its LGBTQ-inclusive theme was written by Jill Twiss (with Marlon Bundo credited as co-writer), who is a comedy writer for the television show Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, aiming to deride then-Vice President Pence over his controversial anti-LGBTQ views, such as his alleged support for gay conversion therapy and opposition to same-sex marriage. It was released on March 18, 2018, one day before the release of Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President. The audiobook version features Jim Parsons, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Jeff Garlin, Ellie Kemper, John Lithgow, Jack McBrayer, and RuPaul. On the day of release, John Oliver promoted the book on Last Week Tonight at the conclusion of an episode mainly dedicated to Pence and his positions on LGBTQ issues; it became a bestseller and the No. 1 book and e-book on Amazon the following day. Oliver announced profits from the book were to be donated to The Trevor Project and AIDS United. ==Background== thumb|Marlon Bundo, the Pence family's pet rabbit A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo was conceptualized as a loose parody of Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President, a children's book written by Mike Pence's daughter Charlotte Pence and illustrated by his wife Karen Pence. Writer Jill Twiss stated she became interested in Bundo due to his name, and once she learned about the upcoming book she stated, "we thought we could use the opportunity to support some really great charities while also hopefully putting out an inclusive, loving children's book in the process". Helped by input from the writing staff of Last Week Tonight, Twiss' work was done in a few months, faster than the normal picture book process. Oliver acquired two domain names to promote A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo. According to Oliver, the domain betterbundobook.com contrasts the book with the Pence- family-written Bundo book and focusonthefurmily.com satirizes the anti-LGBTQ organization Focus on the Family. In a broadcast on March 18, 2018, Oliver said that aside from sending an inclusive message, he was hoping to annoy Pence over the competition for his family's book and the fact that Last Week Tonight is donating all proceeds of its book to LGBTQ-friendly organizations (The Trevor Project and AIDS United). ==Plot== Marlon Bundo, a black-and-white rabbit sporting a colorful bow tie, lives in the home of "Grampa", former Vice President Mike Pence. Marlon is lonely, but one morning after breakfast, he meets Wesley, a bespectacled brown rabbit. They spend the day together, hopping around in the garden and the house. They decide to get married, because they never want to hop without each other again. Marlon and Wesley tell their animal friends, who respond enthusiastically. But the stink bug, who is "In Charge and Important", yells at them that boy rabbits can only marry girl rabbits. He calls them different, and he says that different is bad. The other animals speak up and tell him how each of them is different in their own way. They decide to vote on who is "In Charge and Important", and the stink bug is voted out. Marlon and Wesley have their wedding, with their friends in attendance. They go to sleep in anticipation of their "bunnymoon". Marlon is no longer lonely. == Analysis == A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo is meant to be an actual children's story rather than a direct parody of the Pences' book, the publisher calling it a "better bundo book". Oliver and his team wanted to mock the Vice President, but they also wanted to create a book that has "something very genuinely for children", according to Twiss. Twiss added that she hoped the book would resonate with children "feeling out of place or having a family that looks different than that of their friends," and that the main message was "different is special". It nevertheless contains some stabs at Mike Pence, with the Marlon Bundo character claiming that Pence "isn't very fun" and a stink bug character with a resemblance to Mike Pence. Twiss said in an interview that her ambition for the book was to make a heartfelt story and also to annoy Pence. == Publication == A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo was published on March 18, 2018, the day of the Last Week Tonight broadcast about Pence. The publication of both books was used as a comedy piece in the broadcast to raise awareness of Mike Pence's stated anti- LGBTQ attitudes. John Oliver stated that Pence's pet rabbit was the one thing he liked about Pence, and that because of this, he had taken issue with the real-life Marlon Bundo having to make a stop at the anti-LGBTQ organization Focus on the Family during an upcoming promotional book tour with the Pences. The day of publication was intentionally the day before the publication of the Pence's book. One day after its release, the book overtook James Comey's book A Higher Loyalty: Truth, Lies, and Leadership to become the No. 1 book on Amazon. For 26 non-consecutive weeks, A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo was on The New York Times Children's Picture Books Bestsellers list, becoming No. 1 the week of July 15, 2018. It also topped the e-book sales, thus making the two versions of the book No. 1 and No. 2 on overall Amazon book sales, with the printed edition selling the most of the two. A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo sold much better than the Pence book it parodied, which climbed to No. 4 in the week after publication. In the first two days, 180,000 copies were sold. Last Week Tonight had not anticipated a large demand and the printed version sold out after two days, Twiss later saying in an interview that she "never thought it would actually get published". While it was being reprinted, it remained possible to order the book on Amazon and it continued to be available as an e-book version for Amazon Kindle and its various platforms. Within the first week of release, the audiobook version with voice acting from Jim Parsons, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Jeff Garlin, Ellie Kemper, John Lithgow, Jack McBrayer and RuPaul was No. 1 on audiobook service Audible. On March 28, publisher Chronicle Books reported to have over 400,000 copies in print. Independent booksellers expressed disappointment with Chronicle Books for making it exclusively available via Amazon at release, rather than supplying it other retailers at the launch. ==Reception== === Public response === The publication caused large numbers of positive reviews and comments on Amazon, though only about a quarter of the reviews were left by actual buyers of the book. News about the book and the controversy it stirred up was picked up by mainstream news outlets and talk shows in the U.S. In a segment about the book on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Ellen DeGeneres praised it and presented John Oliver with a $10,000 check from HBO for The Trevor Project, calling on her viewers to buy the book in support of the project. Will & Grace creator Max Mutchnick donated a copy of the book to every elementary school in Indiana, saying he wanted to counter Pence's "message of intolerance" about gay people, hoping to "provide positive role models and a story of inclusion for children in Pence's home state". According to the American Library Association, the book was the 19th most banned and challenged book in the United States between 2010 and 2019, meaning it was requested for removal from various library collections on several occasions. The book ranked in the Top Ten Most Challenged Books in 2018 (2nd) and 2019 (3rd). The book was challenged due to its LGBTQ content, for allegedly being "designed to pollute the morals of its readers," for concerns that it was sexually explicit and biased, as well as its political and religious viewpoints. Following passage of the Parental Rights in Education (Don’t Say Gay) law in Florida, Broward County Schools banned Bundo after complaints by conservative parents. === Reactions === Charlotte Pence, Mike Pence's daughter and the author of Marlon Bundo's A Day in the Life of the Vice President, supported A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo. She posted on Twitter a picture of herself and the real-life Marlon Bundo wearing a bow tie identical to the one in Jill Twiss' book and said in a television interview: "His book is contributing to charities that I think we can all get behind... I'm all for it". The official Instagram account of Marlon Bundo also spoke of Twiss' book in a positive light, stating "Not gonna lie, I do look pretty fly in a bow tie. The only thing better than one bunny book for charity is...TWO bunny books for charity". The proceeds from the Pences' book were also given to charities, namely The A21 Campaign which works to fight human trafficking and Tracy's Kids, an art therapy program for hospitalized children. President of Focus on the Family Jim Daly called Oliver's treatment of the Pences' book "not just vicious in tone, but also vulgar and vile in every sense of the word and way". Regnery Publishing, the conservative book publisher who published the Pence book, initially criticized the release of A Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo, saying that it was "unfortunate that anyone would feel the need to ridicule an educational children's book and turn it into something controversial and partisan". When the success of both books became apparent, publisher Marji Ross of Regnery congratulated Oliver and Chronicle Books with their sales figures, stating: "There's plenty to go around for everyone and, like Charlotte [Pence] said, we can all be happy the proceeds are going to a good cause". === Critical reviews === Common Sense Media gave the book a four-star rating and considers it appropriate for children of four years and older, giving it its highest marks for "positive messages" and "positive role models and representations". Susie Wilde of The News & Observer said that Twiss "understands how to tell a simple story with comic touches and pacing, creating a parody that children might actually enjoy", while Keller's "details are playful and give a strong sense of motion, which works well for the two rabbit heroes who never want to hop without each other". Katy Waldman in The New Yorker called the book "full of the attentive details and poetic grace notes that distinguish good children's books", while noting its "subtextual treats for adults". Kirkus Reviews calls the book "another tiresome political picture book", that really just aims at older people and not for the age the book was supposed to be for. The review also notes that the book is good for a little laughter but not for a message intended for inclusion. Contrarily, The Globe and Mail Anna Fitzpatrick wrote that "while an unabashed political parody, it also stands on its own as a children's book". ==See also== * Whose Boat Is This Boat?, a satirical children's book produced by The Late Show With Stephen Colbert ==References== ==External links== * Category:2018 children's books Category:2010s LGBT literature Category:2018 in LGBT history Category:Children's books with LGBT themes Category:Political satire books Category:Gay fiction Category:Mike Pence Category:Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Category:Children's books about rabbits and hares Category:Books about the Trump administration Category:LGBT literature in the United States Category:Chronicle Books books Category:LGBT-related controversies in literature Category:American children's books Category:American picture books Category:Censored books
5690019	A House and Its Head	A House and Its Head is a 1935 novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett, republished in 2021 by the NYRB Classics with an afterword by Francine Prose. The novel, set in an upper-class Victorian household, explores themes such as family secrets and the subordination of women by men. Whenever she was asked which of her novels were her favorites, Compton-Burnett always referred to A House and Its Head and Manservant and Maidservant. ==Plot== A House and Its Head introduces a Victorian family: patriarch Duncan Edgeworth, his wife Ellen, his daughters Nance and Sibyl, and his nephew Grant, who is in line to inherit their house. Duncan is tyrannical and overbearing; early on, he throws a science book by Grant, which he finds "immoral," into a fire. Ellen falls ill and dies, after which Duncan quickly remarries. His new wife, Alison, is beautiful but young -- scarcely older than his children. The marriage proves disastrous. Alison begins an affair with Grant, and they conceive a child, Richard. She tries to keep Richard's parentage a secret, but Duncan learns the child is not his from a letter from the family's former nurse, mentioning a white streak in Richard's hair. Alison elopes with family friend Almeric Bode, while Duncan marries the family governess Cassie, who agrees for financial reasons. They have a son, William. Grant proposes to Nance, who turns him down, and then Sibyl, who accepts. Sibyl, angry that Richard is now in line to inherit Grant's property, pays the nurse to kill Richard by gassing him; she then spreads rumors insinuating that Duncan and/or Cassie may have been responsible. The murder is uncovered by Mrs. Jekyll, Cassie's mother, when she sees an incriminating letter in Sibyl's purse; the letter also reveals that Sibyl paid the nurse to write the letter to Duncan. Grant leaves Sibyl, who moves in with her ill aunt. Sibyl inherits her aunt's fortune once she dies and asks Grant to forgive her, promising to share it with him. Grant reluctantly accepts. ==Critical reception== Several contemporary writers and critics have praised A House and Its Head. Rebecca Abrams, writing in the New Statesman, ranked it among the publication's most important novels of the 20th century, comparing it to the work of Henry James. Hilary Mantel, writing in The Telegraph, called the book "the merriest tale of human depravity you will ever read." Prose, in her afterword, likened the novel's conclusion to "Jane Austen on bad drugs." ==References== Category:1935 British novels Category:Novels by Ivy Compton-Burnett Category:Heinemann (publisher) books
56905939	A Capitol Death	A Capitol Death is a historical novel by British writer Lindsey Davis, the seventh in her Flavia Albia series. It was published in the UK by Hodder & Stoughton on 4 April 2019 () . The cover of the UK hardback 1st edition shows a sea shell, likely to be the dye-producing bolinus brandaris, on a purple, perhaps bloodstained, background. The tale is set in November AD 89 on the Capitoline Hill, and includes a death by falling from the Tarpeian Rock, a stinking family of shell-fish boilers who produce the imperial purple dye, the preparations for Domitian's double triumph, family relationships, and augury, while Flavia and her husband are setting up their new household. In an interview with her editor Oliver Johnson, Davis discussed her successful plan to base a series of books on the seven hills of Rome, starting with the Aventine Hill and reaching the Capitoline Hill with this latest book. ==References== Category:Novels set in ancient Rome Category:British historical novels Category:Flavia Albia novels Category:2019 British novels Category:21st-century British novels Category:Hodder & Stoughton books Category:Novels set in the 1st century Category:St. Martin's Press books
56931630	A Different Hat	A Different Hat is the thirteenth solo studio album by the English singer- songwriter Paul Carrack. Recorded with The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, it is a collection mostly of cover songs, ranging from the Frank Sinatra standard "All the Way" to the Bonnie Raitt ballad "I Can't Make You Love Me". Carrack also tackled four of his own songs which he had previously recorded, heard here in new arrangements: "I Live On a Battlefield" (previously recorded as "Battlefield" on 1989's Groove Approved), "Eyes of Blue", "Love Will Keep Us Alive" and "It Ain't Over". A Different Hat was originally released in 2010 on Carrack's own Carrack-UK label. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Musicians * Paul Carrack – vocals, grand piano * The Royal Philharmonic Orchestra – orchestra * David Cullen – orchestral arrangements and conductor * Gill Townend – music preparation * Davy Spillane – low whistle Production * Peter Van Hooke – producer * Paul Carrack – producer * Geoff Foster – engineer * Simon Rhodes – engineer * Graham Bonnett – additional engineer * Rupert Cobb – additional engineer, Pro Tools * Mick Glossop – mixing * Ian Ross – design * Andrea Hunnisett – photography ==References== ==External links== * Category:2010 albums Category:Paul Carrack albums Category:Royal Philharmonic Orchestra albums
57051196	A Letter to a Young Poet	A Letter to a Young Poet was an epistolary novel by Virginia Woolf, written in 1932 to John Lehman, laying out her views on modern poetry. == History == In 1932, Woolf responded to a letter from the writer, John Lehmann, about her novel The Waves (1931) in which he asked her to write about her views on modern poetry. Lehmann had a mission to revitalise modern poetry, and came to the Hogarth Press to enlist their help. Virginia was enthusiastic about his suggestion of a "letter to a young poet", which she thought was "most brilliant". Her essay takes the form of an epistolary letter addressed to Lehmann, and was first published in North America in The Yale Review in June 1932, and then by the Hogarth Press as the eighth in their series, The Hogarth Letters, consisting of 12 titles produced between 1931 and 1933. John Banting illustrated the covers. Following Virginia Woolf's death, Leonard Woolf included the letter in a collection of essays published under the title The Death of the Moth and other Essays (1942). == Premise == Woolf expanded the scope to include the art of poetry, literature, and in particular letter writing. In her view letter writing as an art "has only just come into existence". In Woolf's view poetry demands both facility in introspection, as well as a deep understanding of the human species. > "a work of renovation… has to be done from time to time and was certainly > needed, for bad poetry is almost always the result of forgetting > oneself...all becomes distorted and impure if you lose sight of that central > reality" Woolf argues that indeed it is the intersection of that understanding of oneself and one's understanding of humanity that underlies the essential nature of writing "-now… that poetry has done all this, why should it not once more open its eyes, look out of the window and write about other people?", to be introspective alone is to be "a self that sits alone in the room at night with the blinds drawn". In view of the title, her admonition " And for heaven’s sake, publish nothing before you are thirty" is notable. As elsewhere in her literary criticism, such as "Modern Fiction", she felt that the writer has to come to terms with the reality of everyday life, "the common objects of daily prose—the bicycle and the omnibus". Though nominally addressed to Lehmann, her critique was addressed to a number of young poets of the day, including her nephew, Julian Bell, Stephen Spender, Cecil Day Lewis and W.H. Auden. == Reception == Lehman felt her understanding of poetry was inadequate, and later parted company with the Woolfs. Her quoted examples have been criticised as not amongst the cited poet's best, a criticism she later accepted. == References == == Bibliography == * * ** * (complete text) * * Category:Hogarth Press books Category:Virginia Woolf Category:1932 non-fiction books Category:Books about poetry
57125204	A Home with a View	A Home with a View is a 2019 Hong Kong black comedy film directed by Herman Yau and starring Francis Ng, Louis Koo, Anita Yuen and Cheung Tat-ming, who also co-produced and wrote the screenplay. The film is an adaptation the play, Family Surprise, which was also written by Cheung. ==Plot== In order to preserve the value of his assets, Lo Wai-man (Francis Ng) spent all of his savings and his father's retirements pensions to purchase an old-age flat in the middle of a noisy neighborhood, cohabiting with his neurotic wife, Suk-yin (Anita Yuen), unemployed son, Bun-hong (Ng Siu-hin), daughter, Yu-sze(Jocelyn Choi) who is going through puberty and his elderly, disabled father (Cheung Tat-ming). With tight living quarters, noisy neighbors, and less than desirable living standards, the Lo family often find themselves at each other's necks over the smallest of inconveniences. Luckily, through a window in the living room lies a distant view of the beautiful ocean which prevents the household from going insane. However, one day, the ocean view disappears after a billboard is illegally built on a neighboring building. With their only sense of relief in the crowded city gone, the Lo family begin to quarrel nonstop. In order to regain the peace within the household, the Lo family does everything in their power to remove the billboard and its owner, Wong Siu-choi (Louis Koo). ==Cast== ===Main cast=== *Francis Ng as Lo Wai-man *Louis Koo as Wong Siu-choi *Anita Yuen as Suk-yin *Cheung Tat-ming as Grandpa *Lam Suet as Butcher ===Special appearance=== *Anthony Wong as Cheung *Bowie Wu as Superintendent *Lo Hoi-pang as Chan Tai-hung *Law Kar-ying as Landlord *Lawrence Cheng as District council representative *Sam Lee as Environment protection officer ===Other cast=== *Elena Kong as Betrayed wife *Evergreen Mak as Taxi driver *Kingdom Yuen as Guidance counselor *Lam Chi-chung as Mr. Lee *Anna Ng as Woman arguing in bus *Wilfred Lau as Man walking with dog *6-Wing as Mortgage company staff *C Kwan as Mortgage company staff *Joyce Cheng as CID officer *Mak Ling-ling as House department officer *Harriet Yeung as Real estate agent *Tyson Chak as Advertising company staff *Ng Siu-hin as Lo Bun-hong *Jocelyn Choi as Lo Yu-sze *Siupo Chan as Woman fighting for fish *J. Arie as Nurse in mental hospital *Anderson Junior as Commerce, Industry & Tourism branch officer *Angelina Lo *Yu Chi-ming as Fish stall hawker *Strawberry Yeung as Real estate agent *Ricky Wong as Male property viewer *Celine Ma as Female property viewer *Gill Mohindepaul Singh as Indian *Bonnie Wong as Chan Tai-hung's wife *Gladys Liu as Tenant *Mandy Yiu as Female tenant *Dickson Yuen *Kong Ling-ling as Mrs. Chiu *Renci Yeung as Property viewer *Kitty Yuen as Wong Siu-choi's nurse ==Production== Filming for A Home with a View began in 11 December 2017 in Kwun Tong, where a blessing ceremony was held and was attended by director Herman Yau and cast members Francis Ng, Louis Koo, Anita Yuen, Cheung Tat-ming, Lawrence Cheng, Elena Kong and Evergreen Mak. The film is an adaptation of the play, Family Surprise, written by Cheung, who also serves as the film's producer and screenwriter while also donning elderly makeup to portray the role of Ng's father. Cheung revealed that he originally had no interest in playing the role and it was originally a female character in the play, but was persuaded by Ng to do so. Production for the film wrapped up in February 2018. ==Release== On 19 March 2018, the film promoted at the 2018 Hong Kong Filmart, where its first poster and trailer was unveiled. There, it was also announced the film is slated to be released in the summer of 2018. But it was then delayed and subsequently released in Hong Kong on 24 January 2019. ==References== ==External links== * Category:2019 black comedy films Category:Hong Kong black comedy films Category:2010s Cantonese-language films Category:Films directed by Herman Yau Category:Hong Kong films based on plays Category:Films about families Category:Films set in Hong Kong Category:Films shot in Hong Kong Category:2019 films Category:2010s Hong Kong films
57231323	A Death of Innocence	A Death of Innocence is a 1971 American made-for-television drama film directed by Paul Wendkos. ==Plot== A woman attends the murder trial of her daughter. ==Cast== ==Reception== The film was very successful in the ratings being the second most watched movie on U.S. television during 1971 after Brian's Song with a Nielsen rating of 30.8 and an audience share of 55% (the share being more than Brian's Song 48%). ==References== ==External links== * *A Death of Innocence at TCMDB Category:1971 television films Category:1971 films Category:1971 drama films Category:American courtroom films Category:CBS network films Category:Films with screenplays by Joseph Stefano Category:Films directed by Paul Wendkos Category:American drama television films Category:1970s American films
57238018	A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega	"A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Ashley McBryde. The song was released as her first single on October 16, 2017, and served as the lead-off single to her major label debut album, Girl Going Nowhere, released on Warner Bros. Nashville. ==Content== McBryde co-wrote the song with Nicolette Hayford and Jesse Rice, the latter of which drew inspiration for the song based on a real life experience in which he met the woman that would become his wife by chance at a dive bar known as The Crimson Moon in the town of Dahlonega, Georgia after his car broke down leaving Atlanta. The song was written on a day McBryde calls "the worst day ever," a sentiment shared by the other two songwriters when they met up for a writing session, which led to Rice sharing the story that would lead to the creation of the song. "A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega" was named one of the 54 Best Songs of 2017 by The New York Times, and one of the Top 25 Best Country Songs of 2017 by Rolling Stone. == Chart performance == "A Little Dive Bar in Dahlonega" debuted on the Billboard Country Airplay chart at number 59 on the chart dated December 12, 2017.Country Airplay === Weekly charts === Chart (2017–2018) Peak position === Year-end charts === Chart (2018) Position US Hot Country Songs (Billboard) 93 ==Certifications== == References == Category:2017 songs Category:2017 debut singles Category:Ashley McBryde songs Category:Country ballads Category:Song recordings produced by Jay Joyce Category:Songs written by Ashley McBryde Category:Songs about Georgia (U.S. state) Category:Warner Records Nashville singles
57279816	A Book of American Martyrs	A Book of American Martyrs is a 2017 novel by the American author, Joyce Carol Oates. The story chronicles two American families, the Voorheeses and the Dunphys, whose faith and convictions are vastly different. The story begins with the aftermath of the November 1999 murder of Dr. Gus Voorhees by Luther Amos Dunphy. Broadly, Oates' story explores the abortion debate in the United States, with a primary focus on exploring the growing divide and conflict between advocates and opponents of legal abortion care services, as well as anti-abortion violence. \- \- The story is set in a small town in Ohio where the Dunphy family lives and throughout Michigan where the Voorhees family lives. == Reception == The review aggregator website, Book Marks, reported that overall the novel received positive feedback. Erica Wagner of The Guardian noted that the novel does not live up to its potential, writing, "This is a gripping novel, full of unexpected twists that make what could be a political treatise into a page- turner. And it is as honest as its author can make it, or so the reader must believe; but that’s an honesty that only goes so far." Writing for The New York Times, Ayana Mathis describes how "The shifting kaleidoscope of voices is at once illuminating and dizzying. Oates may be betting the multitude of perspectives will help us see around our blinders and prejudices about the Other. The question is, who is the Other, and according to whom? In some respects, Oates’s bet pays off." However, Mathis continues, "There is a great deal of smugness in all of this, and worse, a dangerous paternalism. The Other, in this case, the white working poor, with all of its religion and pathologies, has been summarily dismissed as an ignorant horde in need of (liberal) guidance. Oates’s lengthy attempt at insights into these lives devolves into dehumanizing caricature." The Washington Post's Ron Charles praises the novel, concluding that, "To enter this masterpiece is to be captivated by the paradox of that tragic courage and to become invested in Oates’s search for some semblance of atonement, secular or divine. Regardless of your own faith or politics, the real miracle here is how, even after 700 pages, we can still be racing along, steeling ourselves for the very last line, a line we’re desperate to reach — but not too soon." Paste magazine's Bridey Heing commends Oates' ability to navigate both sides of a deeply polarizing topic, noting how, "Ultimately, Oates does not moralize, and this isn’t a book that will comfort those who are strong in their beliefs. But in that lies the book’s value. At a time when we as a society feel so ideologically distant and yet are told that we have more in common than all that divides us, this novel rings true without being weighed down by sentimentality." ==References== Category:2017 American novels Category:Novels by Joyce Carol Oates Category:Novels about abortion Category:Gun violence in popular culture Category:Ecco Press books
57306191	A Discovery of Witches (TV series)	A Discovery of Witches is a British fantasy television series based on the All Souls Trilogy by Deborah Harkness, named after the first book in the trilogy. Produced by Bad Wolf and Sky Studios, it stars Teresa Palmer and Matthew Goode as a witch and a vampire who must learn about and fend off magical creatures. Edward Bluemel, Louise Brealey, Malin Buska, Aiysha Hart, Owen Teale, Alex Kingston, and Valarie Pettiford are also featured. The eight-episode first series of A Discovery of Witches premiered weekly in the UK on Sky One from 14 September 2018. In November 2018, Sky One renewed A Discovery of Witches for a second and third series. The ten-episode second series was initially released in its entirety on 8 January 2021, and aired weekly on Sky One. The third and final series was also initially released in its entirety on 7 January 2022 and aired weekly on Sky Max. The programme received generally positive reviews, with praise for the chemistry between the main characters, and it received a nomination for Best New Drama at the National Television Awards. ==Premise== Diana Bishop, a historian and reluctant witch, unexpectedly discovers a bewitched manuscript in Oxford's Bodleian Library. This discovery forces her back into the world of magic in order to unravel the secrets it holds about magical beings. She is offered help by a mysterious geneticist and vampire Matthew Clairmont. Despite a long-held mistrust between witches and vampires, they form an alliance and set out to protect the book and solve the mysteries hidden within while dodging threats from the creature world. ==Cast and characters== ===Main=== * Teresa Palmer as Diana Bishop, DPhil, a witch and tenured historian at Yale University, studying alchemy and science at the University of Oxford * Matthew Goode as Matthew Clairmont, a vampire and Professor of Biochemistry * Edward Bluemel as Marcus Whitmore, Matthew Clairmont's vampire son and lab colleague * Louise Brealey as Gillian Chamberlain (series 1), a fellow witch and academic alongside Diana at Oxford * Malin Buska as Satu Järvinen, a Finnish witch and a Congregation member * Aiysha Hart as Miriam Shephard, vampire and Matthew's scientific colleague at Oxford * Owen Teale as Peter Knox, a high-ranking witch and a member of the Congregation * Alex Kingston as Sarah Bishop, Diana's aunt * Valarie Pettiford as Emily Mather, Sarah's partner * Gregg Chillin as Domenico Michele, a vampire and Congregation member * Elarica Johnson as Juliette Durand (series 1), a vampire, daughter of Gerbert * Greg McHugh as Hamish Osborne, a daemon and friend of Matthew * Trevor Eve as Gerbert d'Aurillac, an ancient vampire and a Congregation member * Daniel Ezra as Nathaniel Wilson, a daemon, son of Agatha * Aisling Loftus as Sophie Wilson, a daemon, wife of Nathaniel, and as Susanna Norman (season 2), a witch * Tanya Moodie as Agatha Wilson, a daemon and Congregation member * Sorcha Cusack as Marthe, a vampire, housekeeper to Ysabeau * Trystan Gravelle (series 1–2) and Peter McDonald (series 3) as Baldwin Montclair, a vampire, brother of Matthew and head of the Congregation. * Lindsay Duncan as Ysabeau de Clermont, mother of Matthew Clairmont and wife of Philippe de Clermont * Holly Aird as Françoise (series 2), a vampire * Tom Hughes as Kit Marlowe (series 2), playwright and friend of Matthew * Michael Lindall as Walter Raleigh (series 2) * Sheila Hancock as Goody Alsop (series 2), a witch * Paul Rhys as Andrew Hubbard (series 2–3), a vampire * Steven Cree as Gallowglass (series 2–3), son of the late Hugh de Clermont and nephew of Matthew * Adelle Leonce as Phoebe Taylor (series 2–3), a human who becomes involved with Marcus * Elaine Cassidy as Louisa de Clermont (series 2), sister of Matthew * James Purefoy as Philippe de Clermont (series 2), husband of Ysabeau, father of Baldwin and stepfather of Matthew * Michael Jibson as Rudolf II (series 2), Holy Roman Emperor and King of Bohemia * Olivier Huband as Fernando Gonçalves (series 3), a vampire, partner of the late Hugh de Clermont * Jacob Ifan as Benjamin Fuchs (series 3, guest series 2), a vampire * Ivanno Jeremiah as Christopher Roberts (series 3), friend of Diana * Toby Regbo as Jack Blackfriars (series 3) ** Joshua Pickering as young Jack Blackfriars (recurring series 2) * Parker Sawyers as Ransome Fayrweather (series 3), a vampire ===Recurring and guest=== * Adetomiwa Edun as Sean (series 1), an employee at the Bodleian Library * Sophia Myles as Rebecca Bishop (series 1–2), Diana's mother * David Newman as Stephen Proctor (series 1, guest series 2), Diana's father * Chloe Dumas as Meridiana (series 1), a witch * Milo Twomey as Pierre (series 2), a vampire * Barbara Marten as Elizabeth I (series 2), Queen of England * Adrian Rawlins as William Cecil (series 2) * Adam Sklar as Henry Percy (series 2) * Amanda Hale as Mary Sidney (series 2) * Struan Rodger as John Dee (series 2) * Anton Lesser as Rabbi Loew (series 2) * Lois Chimimba as Catherine Streeter (series 2), a witch * Amy McAllister as Marjorie Cooper (series 2), a witch * Victoria Yeates as Elizabeth Jackson (series 2), a witch * Genesis Lynea as Geraldine Newcopse (series 3), a vampire * Shobu Kapoor as Linda Crosby (series 3), a witch * Phaldut Sharma as T.J. Weston (series 3), a daemon ==Episodes== ===Series 1 (2018)=== ===Series 2 (2021)=== ===Series 3 (2022)=== ==Production== thumb|right|Filming of A Discovery of Witches in Cardiff in November 2020 Warner Bros. purchased the film rights to A Discovery of Witches in 2011. The film was in the early stages of development, with few details released beyond the signing-on of playwright David Auburn to pen the screenplay and producers Denise Di Novi and Allison Greenspan. British entertainment channel Sky One bought the rights for the books, to adapt them into a television programme. Teresa Palmer was cast as Diana Bishop and Matthew Goode was cast as Matthew Clairmont. After six months of filming, it was completed on 16 February 2018. Much of the work was filmed in Wales, on location and at Bad Wolf Studios in Cardiff. On 2 November 2018, Sky One renewed A Discovery of Witches for a second and a third series before the first series finale was broadcast. A first look at the second series was released in September 2019. In December 2019, it was announced that the filming for the next series was completed in the UK, and the rest of the filming would take place in Italy. During the New York Comic Con's virtual event in October 2020, it was reported that the third series was filming at Wolf Studios in Cardiff. A trailer for the third series was released in October 2021. == Release == The programme premiered in the UK on Sky One on 14 September 2018 with its first series of eight episodes. Streaming on NOW TV also started on that date after each episode was broadcast. The international distribution of the programme is handled by Sky Vision. From January 2019, the series became available on AMC's subscription services Sundance Now, Shudder, and AMC Premiere. It was announced by AMC Networks at the TCA press tour that the show would be making its American television debut on 7 April 2019 on AMC and BBC America, being paired with Killing Eves second season. The second series was initially released in its entirety on 8 January 2021, consisting of ten episodes, and continued to air weekly on Sky One. The third series is scheduled to be released on SundanceNow, Shudder and AMC+ on 8 January 2022. == Reception == ===Critical reception=== The programme received positive reviews from critics, who praised the adaptation, the production and the performances of the cast. On Rotten Tomatoes, 94% of 33 critics have given the first series a positive review, with an average rating of 7/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "A Discovery of Witches smartly grounds its flights of fancy with a lived-in authenticity and harnesses the chemistry between its two star-crossed leads to make for a promising foray into the occult." For the second series, Rotten Tomatoes collected 21 critic reviews and identified 81% of them as positive, and the average rating is 6.8/10. The consensus states, "Grounded by Matthew Goode and Teresa Palmer's infectious chemistry and a healthy dose of visual splendor, A Discovery of Witches sophomore season makes slipping eras look easy." Metacritic, another aggregator, assigned the first series an average score of 67 out of 100 based on 13 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". ===Accolades=== In October 2018, A Discovery of Witches was nominated in the longlist for Best New Drama in the National Television Awards. In January 2019, it was announced as a nominee for the shortlist of Best New Drama series nominees at the 24th National Television Awards. ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * * A Discovery of Witches at Sky One * A Discovery of Witches TV at Deborah Harkness.com (author) * Category:2010s British drama television series Category:2018 British television series debuts Category:2022 British television series endings Category:2020s British drama television series Category:Bodleian Library Category:British fantasy television series Category:English-language television shows Category:Romantic fantasy television series Category:Sky UK original programming Category:Television about magic Category:Television shows set in Oxford Category:University of Oxford in fiction Category:Television series about vampires Category:Television series about witchcraft
57484883	A Gift (film)	A Gift, known in Thai as Pohn Jak Fah (, , meaning "blessings from the sky"), is a 2016 Thai film released by GDH 559. An anthology in three segments, the film explores the theme of music as gifts and pays tribute to the late King Bhumibol Adulyadej's musical compositions. Each of the film's segments is based on one of the King's compositions. The first segment, based on the song "Love at Sundown", is a romantic comedy directed by Chayanop Boonprakob and Kriangkrai Vachiratamporn. It stars Naphat Siangsomboon and Violette Wautier. The second, "Still on My Mind", is a family drama directed by Nithiwat Tharathorn, and stars Nittha Jirayungyurn and Sunny Suwanmethanont. The final segment, "New Year Greeting" is a comedy by Jira Maligool (who also co- produced the film), starring Chantavit Dhanasevi and Neungthida Sophon. The film was originally slated for release on 1 December 2016, to celebrate King Bhumibol's birthday on 5 December as well as the upcoming new year. However, the King died on 13 October, and the producers considered postponing the release. They ultimately decided to keep to the original release date, making some minor edits so that the film would serve as a tribute to the late king. A Gift was positively received. Critics described it as "funny and sentimental without being cloying," and, noting the release's relation to the King's passing, that "we need to smile, and this film has plenty to offer." It earned a moderate 42.88 million baht at the Thai box office (US$1.2 million), and was the fourth-grossing Thai film of 2016. The film won two Suphannahong National Film Awards, for Best Original Score and Best Recording and Sound Mixing. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:GDH 559 films Category:2016 films Category:Thai romantic comedy-drama films Category:Thai-language films Category:Thai anthology films
57667802	A Certain Girl	"A Certain Girl" is a rhythm and blues song written by Allen Toussaint, with the credit listed under his pen name Naomi Neville. New Orleans R&B; singer Ernie K-Doe recorded it in 1961. Minit Records released the song as the B-side of "I Cried My Last Tear". The single became a double-sided hit on Billboard magazine's Hot 100 record chart, with "A Certain Girl" reaching number 71 (and "I Cried My Last Tear" number 69) during on December 4, 1961. Neither song appeared on Billboard's Hot R&B; sides chart. Over the years, K-Doe's original "A Certain Girl" has been included on several compilations and a variety of musicians have recorded versions of the song. ==The Yardbirds rendition== ===Background=== "A Certain Girl" was one of the first songs recorded by English rock band the Yardbirds. At the time, the group were a part of the early British rhythm and blues scene that produced bands such as the Rolling Stones and drew their repertoire from American blues and rhythm and blues artists such as Muddy Waters, Howlin' Wolf, and Bo Diddley. They had heard K-Doe's song on a London Records compilation album featuring Minit Records R&B; artists titled We Sing the Blues (1963). ===Recording and release=== With Eric Clapton on lead guitar, the Yardbirds first attempted a recording in January 1964 at the R. G. Jones Studios, Surrey, England. A 12-inch acetate demo (co-produced by Mike Vernon) was pressed for an EMI audition (released on the Yardbirds anthologies Train Kept A-Rollin' – The Complete Giorgio Gomelsky Productions (1993) and Glimpses 1963–1968 (2011)). In March 1964, a second attempt was made at Olympic Studios in London that yielded the master recording. Produced by manager Giorgio Gomelsky, the song was planned as the A-side for the Yardbirds' first single; however, their version of "I Wish You Would" (recorded during the same session) was used instead, with "A Certain Girl" becoming the B-side. The single was released by EMI subsidiary Columbia Graphophone Company in May 1964. In August, Epic Records released the single in the US, but it failed to chart (both songs were included on the Yardbirds' first Epic album For Your Love (1965)). ===Reception=== Although "A Certain Girl" is a brief 2:15, Clapton manages a nearly half-minute guitar solo that Gomelsky describes as a "fat and fuzzy guitar riff". Yardbirds biographer Alan Clayson compared it to "high-velocity flash... his break has almost a separate life from the rest of the number." Yardbirds drummer Jim McCarty felt that the song was "too clean, too sparkling and it even had a hint of 'novelty song'" perhaps due to Gomelsky's production and the repeated "yeah" interjections. In his autobiography, Clapton described the early recordings as sounding "pretty lame. We just sounded young and white... I felt just that we were falling short of the mark in some way." However, music journalist Cub Koda was more indulging: "If you can get past the Andy Hardy backups, you have a pretty catchy ditty [that] must have caught the ears of Warren Zevon". Future Yardbird Jimmy Page provided the lead guitar for a 1964 version by English group the First Gear (included on Jimmy Page: Session Man, Vol. 1 (1989)). ==Versions by other artists== Warren Zevon recorded "A Certain Girl" in 1980, with Jackson Browne on backing vocals. Released as a single from his album, Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School, it reached number 57 on the Hot 100 and number 57 on the Cash Box Top 100. In Canada, it reached number 61. Record World called it a "a hot rocker" and said that "Waddy Wachtel provides the guitar sparks and the Jackson Browne/Rick Marotta chorus is cute & catchy." The 2002 re-release of Better Late Than Never, the 1996 debut album by The Slackers, features a cover of the song as a previously unreleased bonus track. The song's writer Allen Toussaint performed the song as a part of a medley of some of his hits in the 2005 documentary film Make It Funky!. It presents a history of New Orleans music and its influence on rhythm and blues, rock and roll, funk and jazz. ==References== ==Sources== * * * * * * ==External links== * *: List of the Yardbirds single releases * Category:1961 songs Category:1961 singles Category:1964 singles Category:1980 singles Category:Songs written by Allen Toussaint Category:Minit Records singles Category:Columbia Graphophone Company singles Category:Epic Records singles Category:Asylum Records singles Category:The Yardbirds songs Category:Warren Zevon songs
57704768	A Gentleman of Quality	A Gentleman of Quality is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by James Young and starring Earle Williams, Kathryn Adams, Joyce Moore, James Carpenter, and Robert Bolder. It is based on the 1909 novel of the same name by Frederick Van Rensselaer Dey. The film was released by Vitagraph Company of America on March 17, 1919. ==Plot== ==Cast== *Earle Williams as John Ashton / Lord John Hartford *Kathryn Adams as Lady Mercy Covington *Joyce Moore as Hope Hollister *James Carpenter as Harry Hollister *Robert Bolder as Robert *George C. Pearce as Dean Douglas *Ronald Byram as Richard Hertford ==Preservation== The film is now considered lost.American Silent Feature Film Survival Database: A Gentleman of Quality ==See also== *List of lost films ==References== ==External links== * Category:1919 drama films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1919 films Category:American silent feature films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Vitagraph Studios films Category:Lost American films Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films set in London Category:1919 lost films Category:Lost drama films Category:1910s American films
57716263	A Forest of Wool and Steel	is a 2018 Japanese film directed by Kojiro Hashimoto and starring Kento Yamazaki. Based on the 2016 award-winning Booksellers novel Hitsuji to Hagane no Mori by Natsu Miyashita, which tell the story about Tomura's ambition to become a piano tuner. An English translation of Miyashita's novel is due for release in April 2019. ==Plot== When in high school, Naoki Tomura watched a piano tuner, Soichiro Itadori, work on the school piano. He could smell the forest from the piano tuning by Soichiro. When he graduated he worked at the music instrument store where Soichiro works. ==Cast== * Kento Yamazaki as Naoki Tomura * Tomokazu Miura as Soichiro Itadori * Mone Kamishiraishi as Kazune Sakura * Moka Kamishiraishi as Yuni Sakura * Ryohei Suzuki as Shinji Yanagi * Yuu Shirota as Masato Kamijyo * Hayato Sano as Masaki Tomura * Keiko Horiuchi as Mizuki Kitakawa * Ken Mitsuishi as Tadashi Akino * Riisa Naka as Eri Hamano * Yuki Morinaga as Takashi Minami * Kazuko Yoshiyuki as Kiyo Tomura ==Awards== Award Category Nominee Result 42nd Japan Academy Prize Newcomer of the Year Moka Kamishiraishi ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2018 films Category:Toho films Category:Films based on Japanese novels Category:Japanese drama films Category:Synesthesia Category:2010s Japanese films Category:2010s Japanese-language films
5781277	A Hundred Lovers	A Hundred Lovers is the final album by the American band Timbuk 3. It was released in 1995. The title track was a minor radio hit. ==Production== Recorded by Timbuk 3 as a quartet, the album was produced by Pat MacDonald and Barbara K. The band used their home studio, as well as, for parts of one track, Jackson Browne's. "Legalize Our Love" is a pro-gay marriage song. ==Critical reception== Trouser Press wrote: "Irritation at the state of the world remains the order of the day, but messages come wrapped in vibrant, funky sounds." People determined that "the dance grooves get a little stale, but the MacDonalds still sound assured on acoustic gems like 'Prey'." The Calgary Herald deemed the album "proficient pop smothered in generic harmonies, guy-girl vocal trade-offs, smitten here and there by anemically funky riffs." The Vancouver Sun called it "a collection of catchy, folk-tinted pop numbers with an upbeat feel." The Atlanta Journal-Constitution concluded that "those who have always loved their cynically mellow attitude, deadpan harmonies and unrelenting wordplay will be delighted." ==Track listing== # "Sunshine Is Dangerous" # "A Hundred Lovers" # "Just Wanna Funk with Your Mind" # "Legalize Our Love" # "Cynical" # "Not Yet Gone" # "Prey" # "Shotgun Wedding" # "Kitchen Fire" # "Inside Out" ==References== Category:1995 albums Category:Timbuk 3 albums
5786356	A Cowboy's Work Is Never Done	"A Cowboy's Work is Never Done" is a song by pop duo Sonny and Cher from their album All I Ever Need Is You, written by Sonny Bono. It was released as a single in 1972 and peaked at No. 8 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Billboard ranked it at No. 71 on the 1972 year-end singles chart. ==Song information== The song was Sonny and Cher's last top ten hit together in the United States. When Cher performed it on their successful television show, with their cartoon music video produced by John David Wilson, Cher's solo career was booming. The track can be heard in the 2005 film Be Cool, and also the 2010 Documentary Blood Into Wine. Allmusic highlighted the song. == Weekly charts == Chart (1972) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 13 Canadian Singles Chart 3 Canadian Adult Contemporary Chart 2 German Singles Chart 48 Quebec (ADISQ) 33 US Billboard Hot 100 8 US Billboard Adult Contemporary 4 US Cash Box Top 100 6 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1972) Position Australian Singles ChartAustralian-charts.com 81 US Billboard Top Pop Singles 71 ==Cover versions== *In 2012, on Diego's Umbrella's fourth album, Proper Cowboy. *In 2018, by Mandy Barnett on her album, "Strange Conversation". ==References== Category:Songs about cowboys and cowgirls Category:1972 singles Category:Songs written by Sonny Bono Category:Sonny & Cher songs Category:Song recordings produced by Snuff Garrett Category:1972 songs Category:MCA Records singles
57893806	A Crooked Somebody	A Crooked Somebody is a 2017 American black comedy thriller film directed by Trevor White and written by Andrew Zilch. The film stars Rich Sommer, Clifton Collins Jr., Joanne Froggatt, Ed Harris, Amy Madigan, Amanda Crew, and Michael Mosley. A Crooked Somebody premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 21, 2017. It was released through DirecTV Cinema on September 6, 2018, before being released in a limited release on October 5, 2018, by Vertical Entertainment. ==Plot== Michael Vaughn (Sommer) is a fake psychic touring the U.S. to promote his "mediumship" and book. Unknown to other audience members, Vaughn's girlfriend Chelsea (Froggatt) participates as a shill for his hoaxes, which have finally alienated his elderly parents (Harris and Madigan). After a recent stop in the Southwest, Chelsea also begins to lose momentum from the dishonesty of Vaughn's work and the lack of money it has generated. Before heading to a Tucson symposium, Vaughn is knocked out and kidnapped by Nathan (Collins Jr.), who attended the last conference but was reluctant to get a reading. Vaughn learns (while tied to a chair) that Nathan murdered a man named "James Bishop" in a botched mugging, and wants Vaughn to "communicate" with Bishop's spirit. Nathan expresses remorse in the unsolved crime and also wants Vaughn to talk to Bishop's daughter, Stacy, who became a cause célèbre after her father vanished twenty years ago. Nathan leads Vaughn to the burial site of Bishop's remains; seeing the discovery as a personal opportunity rather than closure for the Bishop family, Vaughn contacts the local news station while authorities excavate the ground for Bishop's remains. Searchers find skeletal traces of Bishop's body, and Vaughn instantly becomes a star psychic. While he waits permission to talk to Stacy, his association with Nathan becomes less a captor/captive relationship and more an accomplice aiding and abetting a fugitive. Chelsea notices Vaughn on national television and begins to see more duplicity, as she believed he was kidnapped and under duress. After some hesitation, Stacy agrees to a televised reading with Vaughn. She proves him a fraud by identifying events and people that never happened in her life or the way he claimed, specifically a "Miss Angeline", another debunked psychic. The hosts on the show deduce someone (other than a supernatural presence) told Vaughn the location of her father's remains. Angered by the interview, Nathan kidnaps Chelsea and threatens Vaughn to either correct the situation, or he'll turn himself into authorities and confess what's going on. After tricking Nathan into dropping his knife, Vaughn bludgeons him to death with a torque wrench and disposes of his body. Rather than forgive him for his deceitfulness and start over, Chelsea leaves Vaughn to get arrested by the town's authorities. Not long after - while serving time in prison - Vaughn notices Chelsea on TV being interviewed by Dr. Phil. It's revealed that she capitalized on Vaughn by writing a bestseller about his confidence tricks. ==Cast== * Rich Sommer as Michael Vaughn * Clifton Collins Jr. as Nathan * Joanne Froggatt as Chelsea Mills * Ed Harris as Sam Vaughn * Amy Madigan as Joyce Vaughn * Amanda Crew as Stacy Bishop ** Kate Kilcoyne as Young Stacy * Michael Mosley as Detective Bill Banning * Paul-Ben Victor as Detective Zimmer * Gillian Vigman as Monica Lewis * Randee Heller as Phyllis * Audrey Wasilewski as Cynthia * Kirk Bovill as Earl * Phil McGraw as himself ==Production== In July 2016, it was announced Rich Sommer, Ed Harris, Amy Madigan, and Joanne Froggatt had been cast in the film, with Trevor White directing from a screenplay by Andrew Zilch. White and his brother Tim White served as producers under their Star Thrower Entertainment banner. ==Release== The film had its world premiere at the Los Angeles Film Festival on June 21, 2017. The film was scheduled to be released through DirecTV Cinema on September 6, 2018, before being released in a limited release on October 5, 2018, by Vertical Entertainment. ==References== ==External links== * Category:2017 films Category:American crime thriller films Category:American black comedy films Category:American independent films Category:Vertical Entertainment films Category:Films scored by Andrew Hewitt Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
5792066	A Fork in the Road (TV series)	A Fork in the Road is an Australian travel television series airing on SBS and hosted by Pria Viswalingam. Described by SBS as "the thinking-person’s travel show" the program takes the viewer off the beaten track and takes a look at the lives of the people living in each destination rather than following the usual "travel show" format. The altogether 62 episodes had a length of ca. 25 minutes each. ==Episodes in each series== ===Series 1=== 1992: Egypt, Tuscany, Scotland, Hong Kong, Rhône-Alpes (France) and New York. ===Series 2=== 1993: Greece, Argentina, Indonesia, Zimbabwe, the Rhine Valley (Alsace, Germany & Switzerland) and San Francisco. ===Series 3=== 1994: Chicago, Paris, Sicily, Kerala (India), Malta and New Zealand. ===Series 4=== 1995: New Orleans, Hungary (2 episodes), Marseilles, Rio de Janeiro and Malaysia. ===Series 5=== Washington D.C., Japan, Spain, Jamaica, Ireland (2 episodes). ===Series 6 (A Fork in Australia)=== 1999: Colours, Wheat, Clever Country, Friends & Lovers, Tourism, Food, The Cringe, The Pilgrimage . ===Series 7 (A Fork in Asia)=== Tokyo/Hokkaidō, Delhi, Beijing, Nepal, Lebanon, Singapore, Guilin and Thailand. ===Series 8 (A Fork in Africa)=== Tunisia, Kenya, Cape Town, Ethiopia, Madagascar, Zanzibar, Mali and Black Paris ===Series 9 (A Fork in the Mediterranean)=== 2006: Venice, Barcelona, St. Tropez, Morocco, Kythera Island, Israel, Gibraltar, and Turkey. ==External links== *SBS: A Fork in the Road homepage Fork in the Road, A Category:Australian non-fiction television series Category:Australian travel television series Category:1990s Australian television series Category:2000s Australian television series Category:1992 Australian television series debuts Category:2006 Australian television series endings
58091845	A Faithful Man	A Faithful Man () is a 2018 French romantic comedy-drama film directed by Louis Garrel, from a screenplay he co-wrote with Jean-Claude Carrière. It stars Laetitia Casta, Lily-Rose Depp, Joseph Engel and Garrel. The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on 9 September 2018. It was released in France on 26 December 2018 by Ad Vitam Distribution. ==Plot== Abel learns that his girlfriend, Marianne, is leaving him for his best friend Paul, who is the father of her child. Seven or eight years later, Paul dies and Abel and Marianne resolve to restart their relationship as she and her son Joseph move in. Joseph claims that his father died because Marianne poisoned him. Abel is also sought after by Ève, Paul's younger sister who has been infatuated with Abel since she was 14 years old. When Ève directly tells Marianne to leave Abel or "it's war", Marianne prompts the confused Abel to sleep with Ève. Now caught in a difficult situation between two women and a young boy with an eerie fixation on murder, will Abel keep his relationship with Marianne intact? ==Cast== * Louis Garrel as Abel * Laetitia Casta as Marianne * Lily-Rose Depp as Ève * Joseph Engel as Joseph ==Production== In February 2018, it was announced Louis Garrel would direct the film, from a screenplay he co-wrote with Jean-Claude Carrière, and star in the film, alongside Laetitia Casta and Lily-Rose Depp. Why Not Productions produced the film. ==Release== The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on 9 September 2018, followed by its US premiere at the New York Film Festival. Shortly thereafter, Kino Lorber acquired US distribution rights to the film. It was released in France on 26 December 2018 by Ad Vitam Distribution. In the United States, it received a limited theatrical release on 19 July 2019. ===Critical reception=== On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, A Faithful Man holds an approval rating of based on reviews, with an average of . The website's critics consensus reads, "A Faithful Man lack of tonal commitment may frustrate, but the end results should still prove entertaining for viewers in the mood for a French romantic farce." Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 67 out of 100, based on 15 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:2018 films Category:2018 romantic comedy-drama films Category:2010s French films Category:2010s French-language films Category:Films directed by Louis Garrel Category:Films set in Paris Category:Films shot in Paris Category:Films with screenplays by Jean-Claude Carrière Category:French romantic comedy-drama films Category:Ad Vitam (company) films
58093857	A Gente Mora no Agora	A Gente Mora no Agora ("We Live in the Now") is the third album by Brazilian singer-songwriter Paulo Miklos, his first following his departure from Titãs. It was funded by the Natura Music project and released on 11 August 2017 via Deckdisc. A Gente Mora no Agora comes following a series of significant events in Miklos' life, including the deaths of his parents and his wife and end of his career with Titãs. It features autobiographical elements, like his two previous albums. All songs are written or co-written by notable Brazilian musicians, including experienced names and more recent artists. These include Lurdez da Luz, Céu, Nando Reis, Erasmo Carlos, among others. The album was met with positive reviews and a brief, 15-day domestic tour followed its release. == Background and promotion == Between 2012 and 2014, Miklos lost his wife and his parents, and their deaths impacted the album, specifically the track "Vou Te Encontrar" (see "Song information" section below). His new girlfriend, Renata Galvão, was another inspiration for the album, which talks about "love and life". On 11 July 2016, Miklos announced his departure from Titãs, intending to focus on individual projects. By then, he already started to work on the album. In June 2017, he announced that the album would be produced by Pupillo (Nação Zumbi drummer), musically directed by the journalist and researched Marcus Preto and would feature several collaborations, including Emicida, Dadi Carvalho, Erasmo Carlos on "País Elétrico", Guilherme Arantes on "Estou Pronto" and Russo Passapusso (BaianaSystem) on "Vigia". Former Titãs members Arnaldo Antunes and Nando Reis (who left the band before him) were also invited, but they were yet to be confirmed by that time. In July 2017, the album's title was revealed and a release show was announced for July 17 in São Paulo. The album was funded by cosmetics giant Natura with support by the Lei Rouanet, via a public call for musical projects. Galvão was the one responsible for enlisting the album on the project. The brief album promotional tour began on 17 August in São Paulo and ended on 1 September in Salvador, Bahia. Apart from album songs, the shows included Titãs songs and covers of songs by Adoniran Barbosa, Chet Baker and Noel Rosa, musicians he portrayed as an actor. On 19 September, the album was released in vinyl format. == Production, recording and concept == Although he had already released two solo albums, Miklos considers A Gente Mora no Agora to be his first solo effort, due to the fact that it is his first as a solo artist \- the other two releases are seen by him more as Titãs side projects. As with the other ones, it is an album with elements of autobiography, with songs that express what the singer was experiencing at the time of the album's creation, but with a positive atmosphere, "beginning with the cover, I say it's a solar, upwards album, because it deals with overcoming in an already calm moment, in a moment of life rebuilding, of living in happiness. That's the album tonic for sure." Miklos says the album wouldn't sound like it sounds if he had not left Titãs to fully dedicate himself to the project. In interviews, he stated he wanted to show his Brazilian musical formation on the album, besides looking for many collaborations without compromising its homogeneity. He commented: "The music of Brazil goes from Emicida, Lurdez da Luz to Erasmo Carlos. It's very rich and very current. We've got the most interesting electronic and mixture things. I'm exploring it all in this album. I believe to be speaking a language that is kind of universal. And the fact that I'm a interpreter is kind of a bridge for me to play and communicate with different generations. I believe in it". When asked if the album moved him away from rock, he replied: In another interview, he stated: "If we don't have that rock n roll feeling, that the sound if really important, on the other hand what's really noticeable are the songs. Melody, lyrics, it all comes really forward. It's a personal wish of mine to experiment and have a sonority that brings something new." The songs' creation process took two months. Most of them were prepared via e-mails and instant messages. They were prepared using the acoustic guitar as the main instrument and then developed around it. Miklos comments that "this is something you have to do deliberately. You have to call the people, to know what you want and propose it. Now, whatever's going to happen following these meetings is a mystery". The musician also considered the process a mixture of "a conscious search for a place to arrive" and "the need to leave things open for the ideas to happen, to collect the results and deal with whatever could happen during that period". The album as a whole took six months to be done. === Title === The album title comes from the lyrics to the opening track, "A Lei desse Troço". According to Miklos, "this is a name that looks like an interesting call to me, taken from a verse by Emicida, which is very precise. It's an idea of not living in the anxiety for the future nor in the nostalgia of the past. Even with such a long career, I'm writing a new page, a blank one, with total freedom." == Song information == Ten of the 13 tracks were created in collaboration with other musicians; the remaining three are solely credited to the collaborators. Miklos chose musicians he admires, both the experienced ones that inspired him and the more recent ones that caught his attention, besides names that came to prominence simultaneously with him. The single "A Lei Desse Troço" was written in collaboration with rapper Emicida, first on the paper, and finally on the cellphone through instant messaging. It also features arrangements by Letieres Leite. Miklos sees the track as a profile of himself written by Emicida. The partnership with Russo Passapusso resulted in the track "Vigia", but they only met three months after the song was created. Miklos sent he lyrics to "Todo Grande Amor" to Silva and allowed him to change its arrangement at will. After the track was sent back as a bossa nova song, Pupillo reworked it a little bit so it became more uplifting. "Risco Azul", one of the collaborations with Céu, was defined as "a bolero, almost a tango" with a string arrangement. "Princípio Ativo" is the other track co-written by her, following a request from Miklos that she writes something about the female world from her perspective. "Vou te Encontrar" was released on July 28 and co-written by Nando Reis, another former member of Titãs, inspired by the deaths of Miklos' parents and also his wife Rachel, who died of cancer in 2013. About its creating process, Miklos said: "País Elétrico" is a collaboration with Erasmo Carlos and inspired by his song "Pega na Mentira" ("Grab the Lie"). It plays on the fact that Brazil is the country with most lightning strikes in the world and the expression "May lightning strike me if I'm lying" to suggest that it is the country where people lie the most in the world. About "Não Posso Mais", composed by Mallu Magalhães, Miklos said: "It's a portrait of the male way of thinking, the man's side of a relationship. In her voice, it had some irony". "Afeto Manifesto", a collaboration with rapper Lurdez da Luz, tells a love story in times of fierce political debates. "Eu Vou" is another song inspired by Rachel. It was written solely by Tim Bernardes, of O Terno fame, and who also contributed to "Samba Bomba". == Critical reception == Writing for the website Omelete, Felipe Cotta said the album is "delicious to listen to" and that it showcases Miklos' Brazilian influences at the same time that it keeps its essence, including elements from Titãs. He also said that "since the Cabeça Dinossauro times (1986) he can prove himself to be a multifaceted messenger. now he brings that with collaborations too" and concluded his analysis by saying that the album is "optimistic, full of mirrors of his own story, even if totally well adorned with elements of the present moment". Mauro Ferreira, from G1, considers "reducing the tendency of characterizing the [...] album as a record in which the singer [...] takes 'a dive in Brazilian music'. [...] A gente mora no agora is a pop solo album which renews and expands the signature of the work authored by Miklos." Later, he would consider this and Mônica Salmaso's Caipira as the best albums of August 2017. It was elected the 17th best Brazilian album of 2017 by the Brazilian edition of Rolling Stone. == Track listing == == Personnel == Personnel per multiple sources: * Paulo Miklos - lead vocals and acoustic guitar * Everson Pessoa - acoustic guitar * Dadi - bass * Maurício Fleury - piano, keyboards * Pupillo - drums Guest performances * Russo Passapusso - co- lead vocals in "Vigia" * Céu - co-lead vocals on "Princípio Ativo" * Guilherme Arantes - piano on "Estou Pronto" * Apollo Nove - various instruments, including Oberheim synthesizers * Letieres Leite & Orkestra Rumpilezz (André Becker, Gilmar Chaves, João Teoria, Léo Rocha, Rudney Machado, Vinícius Freitas) - wind instruments on "A Lei Desse Troço" * Mauricio Bade - percussion One year prior to the album release, the band then expected to take part of it was totally different and all female: Mônica Agena on guitar, Ana Karina Sebastião on bass, Luna França on keyboards and Nana Rizinni on drums. Technical personnel * Marcus Preto - artistic direction * Pupillo and Apollo Nove - production * Renata Galvão - executive production * Mario Caldato Jr. - mixing * Letieres Leite - wind instrument arrangement on A Lei Desse Troço" * Miguel Atwood-Ferguson - strings arrangement on "Todo Grande Amor" * Maestro Duda - arrangement * Jorge Bispo - visual conception Touring band * Paulo Miklos - lead vocals * Michele Cordeiro - electric and acoustic guitar * Renato Neto - keyboards and musical direction * Otavio Carvalho - bass * Michele Abul - drums == References == Category:2017 albums Category:Portuguese-language albums
5811962	A Kiss of Shadows	A Kiss of Shadows is an erotic horror novel by American writer Laurell K. Hamilton, the first book in the Merry Gentry series. ==Plot introduction== A faerie princess turned private investigator in a world where faeries are not only known to the general public, but are also popular, the heroine is Princess Meredith NicEssus. As niece to Andais, The Queen of Air and Darkness, she is a royal of the Unseelie Court, however having fled the court three years before she has been hiding herself under the name of Merry Gentry and working as a private investigator for the Grey Detective Agency. ==Plot summary== The story begins in Los Angeles, California, in a world where magical creatures are "out of the closet" and, in some cases, even legal. Princess Meredith NicEssus is working for the Grey Detective Agency under the assumed name of Meredith 'Merry' Gentry. When two women come to the agency with a story about fey-wannabes and rituals involving fey women, Merry goes undercover to investigate. However, she and her colleagues get more than they bargained for when it is discovered that the culprit is using Branwyn's Tears, an illegal oil that can make a human appear as a sidhe (pronounced 'shee') lover for a night, and turn even a sidhe or a sidhe-descendant into his sexual slave. In the process of solving the case, Merry's secret is revealed, and she is hunted by the demonic Sluagh. Brought to see their King, Sholto, he offers Meredith a deal. Himself disapproved of by Andais, Queen of Air and Darkness, because of his mixed blood, he proposes an alliance between the two of them. Jealous at the idea of Merry becoming his lover, Sholto's harem of nighthags attack Merry. During the fight Merry's gift, the Hand of Flesh, is revealed when one of them, Nerys, turns into a ball of flesh. Shocked, Merry tries to flee, but is trapped. Doyle, Captain of the Queen's Raven Guard, appears. He announces that the Queen never sent the Sluagh, and that in fact the Queen meant her no harm. As proof of this he produces the Queen's sword Mortal Dread, as well as the Queen's mark, which he transfers to Merry in a kiss. Merry returns with Doyle to the Court. The Queen claims that she wants her bloodline to continue upon the throne. She is willing to take as her heir whichever of Meredith or her cousin, Cel, can first produce an heir. She lifts the geiss of celibacy upon her Ravens for Meredith alone, insisting that she choose at least three in order to increase the chance of pregnancy. While this offer would permit Merry to end her self-imposed exile and return home, it also brings dangers. Cel, previously the sole heir, makes several attempts upon her life. Merry makes alliances with others such as Kurag, the Goblin King. However, Cel was behind the Branwyn's Tears incident in LA. In punishment, he is to be confined for six months after being coated with the oil himself, something akin to torture. ==Characters== ===Major characters=== A Kiss of Shadows features the following major characters: * Andais - Queen of Air and Darkness, Merry's aunt, the sister of Essus, and mother of Cel. Andais is a war goddess, and the sadistic Queen of the Unseelie Court. Her personal guard, called the "Queen's Ravens" is composed exclusively of men. Although she is a sadist and is widely believed to be insane, Andais appears to have the best interests of the Court at heart and has sworn to abdicate her throne in favor of whichever of Cel or Merry can demonstrate themselves capable of producing new sidhe children. Her current consort is Eamon. * Barinthus - A sea god and one of the Queen's Ravens, Barinthus is one of the most powerful members of the Courts. He has long been called the "Kingmaker" for his involvement in the selection of court rulers. He supported first Essus and now Merry for the Unseelie throne. * Cel - Prince of Old Blood and son of Andais. His personal guard is made up entirely of women. * Doyle - Captain of the Queen's Ravens. Often referred to as the Queen's Darkness (or simply as my Darkness by the Queen.) * Frost - Doyle's second-in-command, one of the Queen's Ravens. Often referred to as Killing Frost. * Galen - The youngest member of the Queen's Ravens and also Merry's best friend. Lineage is half- pixie and half Unseelie sidhe. Powers include subtle ability to have everyone like him. Extremely unpolitical, naive and idealistic. He is the voice of childhood reasoning for Merry. Unfortunately, letting go of those ideals is allowing Merry to survive. * Jeremy Grey - Owner of the Grey Detective Agency, Trowe. * Kitto - Goblin/sidhe/snake hybrid, given to Merry by Kurag as part of their alliance. * Kurag - King of Goblins, Merry's ally. Was ally of Merry's father prior to his death. Has a conjoined twin that is attached to the side of his head. When formally addressed by Merry, she addresses both Kruag and his twin. * Meredith NicEssus/Merry Gentry - Title heroine, Princess, Daughter of Essus. * Nicca - One of the Queen's Ravens, and a spy for Queen Andais. * Rhys - Raven, former God of Death. Film Noir buff. * Sholto - King of the Sluagh, One of Queen Andais' Ravens. * Siobhan - Captain of the King's Guard, Cel's right hand and personal Killer. Can kill with a touch. ===Other characters=== Recurring characters include: * Barry Jenkins - Human newspaper reporter. * Black Agnes - Nighthag, Member of the Sluagh and Sholto's lover. * Ringo - Formerly a human gang member, but turned fae after saving some sidhe who ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time. * Griffin - One of the Queen's Ravens, Merry's ex-fiancée * Prince Essus - Unseelie Sidhe, Merry's father, Andais' brother. * Besaba - Seelie Sidhe, Merry's mother, who is part brownie part sidhe. * Queen Niceven - Queen of the demi-Fey * Eamon - One of the Queen's Ravens, Consort of Queen Andais, father of Prince Cel. Now works for the Grey Detective Agency. * Roane Finn - Merry's lover and colleague at the Grey Detective Agency, a Roan or Selkie * Segna the Gold - A nighthag and member of the Sluagh. * Teresa - The Grey Detective Agency's resident psychic * Uther - A Jack-in-Irons who works for the Grey Detective Agency. Non- recurring characters include: * Alistair Norton - Fae wannabe * Eileen Galan - Lawyer * Gethin - one of the Sluagh * Frances Norton - Wife of Alistair Norton who approaches the Grey Agency for help with a death spell. * Keelin - a Brownie who was Merry's childhood friend and is now Cel's lover. * Lucinda Tate - Detective * Maury Klein - Security specialist * Naomi Phelps - Lover of Alistair Norton who approaches the Grey Agency for help * Nerys the Grey - A nighthag and member of the Sluagh. * Raimundo Alvera - Detective * Conri - One of the Queen's Ravens The death toll in A Kiss of Shadows includes: * Alistair Norton - Killed by being eaten by spiders * Nerys the Grey - Killed by Merry when Hand of Flesh appears. * Pasco - One of the Queen's Ravens. Died during attack on Merry, turned inside out and joined to twin Rozwyn. Tossed down the endless pit * Rozenwyn - Died during attack on Merry. turned inside out and joined to twin Pasco. Tossed down the endless pit ==External links== *Official website *Official blog *Merry Gentry Index Category:Merry Gentry (series) Category:2000 American novels Category:American alternate history novels Category:American erotic novels Category:American horror novels Category:Fictional fairies and sprites Category:Novels set in Los Angeles Category:Ballantine Books books
58384840	A Crazy Day	A Crazy Day () is a 1956 Soviet comedy film directed by .Бриллиантовая рука на продажу: кинопортал студии «Мосфильм» == Plot == The manager wants the creche to open on time and he is ready to do everything possible for this. But the trouble is: the bureaucrat does not want to put the resolution necessary for this on the last working day. To achieve his goal, the manager will pretend to be another person.Безумный день == Cast== * Igor Ilyinsky110 лет Игорю Ильинскому! as Zajtsev * Sergey Martinson as Miusov * Serafima Birman as Doctor * Anastasiya Georgievskaya as sister-mistress * Rostislav Plyatt as Dudkin * Irina Zarubina as Dudkina * Vladimir Volodin as door-keeper * Nina DoroshinaНеподражаемая Нина Дорошина as Shura * Igor Gorbachyov as Konstantin Galushkin * Olga Aroseva as Miusov's Secretary * Zinaida Naryshkina as old typist * Sergei Blinnikov as client * Tamara Loginova as Klava Ignatyuk == References == == External links == * * Безумный день on Mosfilm Category:1956 films Category:Soviet comedy films Category:1956 comedy films Category:Mosfilm films Category:1950s Russian-language films
58455505	A Bastard's Tale	A Bastard's Tale is an action 2D video game, published by Swedish studio No Pest Productions for PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows. ==Gameplay== The game features basic pixilated-base graphics and features the player defeating fifteen different enemy characters which are having their own distinct features, throughout five levels. ==References== Category:2015 video games Category:Action games Category:PlayStation 4 games Category:Video games developed in Sweden Category:Windows games
58465868	A Blind Legend	A Blind Legend is an action-adventure Audio game. The game was Supported financially by Centre national du cinéma et de l'image animée and other organizations. It was published by French studio Plug In Digital, and developed by Dowino for Microsoft Windows, IOS, macOS and Android. The game is without video/graphics, and requires headphones to play this game. ==Overview== The game is about a knight called Edward Blake whose wife has been captured by the guards of the king while looking for him. The game has no video graphics and so the player requires stereo loudspeakers or a pair of headphones in order to play the game. The game uses binaural recording technology in order to render the sounds on the play field in 3D to make it possible for the player to faithfully find his or her direction. The controls of the game are primarily by the use of different touch screen combinations to play. In Windows, the mouse can be used in place of the touch screen. ===Scenes=== The game is divided into scenes, and a player must pass 1 scene in order to proceed to the next. If a player fails to pass the scene, for example when his character has been killed off, the player's total number of lives reduces and he/she has to repeat the scene until when the scene will be passed. ===lives=== The game is free to download on all the platforms. Upon download, a player is given Five lives which reduce whenever the player is killed by the enemies, is boiled over in the lake, enters into a bridge or is consumed by any trap. However, once the lives have been depleted, the player cannot play again until when the lives have been replenished or when the player decides to buy other lives from within the game's main screen. The lives pack are set to replenish after every 20 minutes after depletion. ===Weapons and Controls=== During playing, the following controls and weapons are available and which can be utilized by the player. *Sword Used to fight with enemies whenever they confront the Knight the knight withdraws his sword automatically whenever he is challenged, but tapping the screen twice with two fingers also withdraws or keeps the sword away. *Shield. Whenever the player is confronted he/she can pinch in the screen to activate the shield. If the player pinches out, the shield stops being active. *Combo attack. This is performed by pinching in on the screen, then pinching out and flicking many times towards the direction of the enemy. ==Plot== A Blind Legend is set in a medieval fantasy setting. The player assumes the role of a blind knight named Edward Blake whose wife has been captured in the square market by unknown captors. Accompanied by his daughter Louise, who guides him along the way, the protagonist has to traverse the kingdom of High Castle, facing various enemies and traps in order to reach the captors, make war with them and free his wife. ==References== ==External links== *Official website Category:2015 video games Category:Action games Category:Android (operating system) games Category:Audio games Category:IOS games Category:MacOS games Category:Plug In Digital games Category:Single-player video games Category:Video games developed in France Category:Windows games
58491773	A Family's Affairs	A Family's Affairs is a 1962 novel by Ellen Douglas. A Family's Affairs is the first novel published by Ellen Douglas. It tells the story of three generations of a Mississippi family, set in the fictional town of Homochitto. The novel was awarded the Houghton Mifflin fellowship in 1961 and was recognized as one of the five best novels of the year by The New York Times. ==References== Category:1962 novels
58539404	A Birthday	"A Birthday" is a 1995 science fiction short story by American writer Esther Friesner, about abortion. It was first published in the Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction. ==Plot summary== Women who have had abortions are forced to view and interact with computerized recreations of the hypothetical children they could have had. ==Reception== "A Birthday" won the 1996 Nebula Award for Best Short Story,1996 Nebula Awards, at Science Fiction Writers of America; retrieved September 20, 2018 and was a finalist for the 1996 Hugo Award for Best Short Story.1996 Hugo Awards , at TheHugoAwards.org; retrieved September 20, 2018 At the SF Site, Dave Truesdale called it "fascinating, if disturbing", noting that while it was "as fresh as tomorrow's headlines", it was nonetheless evocative of material published "in the (19)50s heyday of Galaxy."Nebula Awards 32, edited by Jack Dann, reviewed by Dave Truesdale, at the SF Site; published 1998; retrieved September 20, 2018 Friesner has described the story as "super-dark".InterGalactic Interview With Esther Friesner, by Darrell Schweitzer, in InterGalactic Medicine Show; retrieved September 20, 2018 ==References== ==External links== Category:Works originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction Category:Nebula Award for Best Short Story-winning works Category:Abortion in fiction
58595904	A Better Chance	A Better Chance (ABC) is a non-profit organization with the goal of helping more talented young people of color to become well-educated by attending high- achieving boarding, day, and public schools in the United States. ABC was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in New York, New York, with regional offices around the United States. The organization works towards having a great number of young people of color assume roles of leadership in the United States. == History == A Better Chance was a development of the National Scholarship Service and Fund for Negro Students (NSSFNS). NSSFNS was an organization that referred black students to college and private boarding schools. In 1962, NSSFNS phased out referring students to private boarding school. However, the director of NSSFNS set up a meeting with 23 headmasters from the New England area to reestablish the program. They discussed the link between poverty and lack of education. Richard Plaut, Director of the National Scholarship and Service Fund for Negro Students, and John Kemper, Headmaster of Phillips Academy, came to the conclusion that broadening educational opportunities for minorities would lead to them living better lives. In 1964, fifty-five boys were given the chance to attend a prep school contingent on the plan they complete an intensive eight-week summer school program at Dartmouth College. This program was to be called A Better Chance (ABC) and from this its two basic components were derived. The first component is to identify students and refer them to member schools. The second component is a summer program to serve as a transition to boarding school. The program was run by the Independent Schools Talent Search Program (ISTSP) which separated from NSSFNS to become its own non-profit charitable trust in 1964. The first sources of administrative funding were dues from member schools and a grant awarded by the Merrill Trust. In 1972, ISTSP merged with Public School Programs to form A Better Chance, Inc. == Goal == Originally, A Better Chance wanted to integrate students of color into higher education in order for them to achieve better lives. At the time of its founding colleges had minority enrollments of less than one percent. Currently, A Better Chance states its goal is working towards having a greater number of young people of color assume roles of leadership in the United States. 43 of the 503 most powerful people in US in culture, government, business and more are people of color. In order to change that the organization wants to create a self-sustaining pipeline of diverse leaders. Additionally, the organization would like to close the gap in academic achievement based on race and allow students of color to realize their full potential. The organization carries out its goal by annually recruiting, referring and supporting 500 scholars at more than 300 member schools in 29 states. It has reported more than 16,000 alumni who have gone into careers as physicians, artists, educators, lawyers, politicians, and corporate executives. The number of A Better Chance alumni attending college after high school is more than 96% compared to 24% of students of color nationwide. == Admission == In order to apply to ABC, the student must be a citizen or permanent resident of United States, identify as a person of color, and be in grades 4-9. Applicants must submit an income form, school history, an essay, transcripts, benchmark testing scores, recommendations and be interviewed. The schools affiliated with A Better Chance may require additional standardized testing or interviews. The applicant may get accepted to ABC but not to a member school. Financial aid is provided by the member schools and the size of the package depends on the financial situation of the applicant. The organization looks for students who participate in extracurricular activities and demonstrate leadership potential. Admission Statistics 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Applicants 1774 2883 2073 2080 2003 Students Referred 727 940 878 823 827 Scholars Accepted 598 645 613 621 600 Scholars Placed 466 483 453 476 471 == Notable alumni == * Tracy Chapman * Roxane Gay * Bonnie Jenkins * Deval Patrick * Luis Ubiñas == References == == External links == A Better Chance website Category:1963 establishments in New York City Category:Non-profit organizations based in New York City Category:Educational organizations based in the United States
58622515	A Boy and a Priest	"A Boy and a Priest" is the second episode of the twenty-second season of the American animated television series South Park. The 289th overall episode of the series, it aired on Comedy Central in the United States on October 3, 2018. The episode references the Catholic Church sexual abuse cases, which were previously addressed in "Red Hot Catholic Love". ==Plot== As the families of South Park gather at church on Sunday, Stan Marsh questions why he has to attend every week. His parents, Randy and Sharon, admonish him on the ritual's importance, and say that they always feel better after each service. At church, Father Maxi struggles to deliver his sermon amid all the constant interruptions by members of the congregation who make jokes referencing Catholic Church sexual abuse cases. Butters Stotch attempts to console Maxi, relating to him how he had been the subject of ridicule at school, but now enjoys greater popularity. Encouraging him not to give his tormentors the satisfaction of cowering in shame, he invites Maxi to board game night with his friends at Stan's house, but Maxi's appearance there garners more ridicule from Randy, who finds the scene of a Catholic priest sitting with five boys worthy of a photograph on social media. When an embarrassed Maxi leaves, Butters goes after him. Saying that he himself was once like Father Maxi, Butters implores him not to allow himself to be daunted by the cruelty of others, and to simply be himself. As a result of this, Maxi spends more time socializing with Butters, and neglects his duties, to the point that churchgoers find the church doors locked the following Sunday. When Mr. Mackey alerts the Denver Archdiocese that "another" priest has disappeared from his parish, the diocese sends a cleanup crew of ordained church officials to thoroughly clean the South Park church, Stan's house, and any other location where Father Maxi has been, in order to remove trace evidence of child molestation, in particular semen. At Clyde Donovan's birthday party at a roller rink, Butters brings Maxi, much to the anger of Clyde, who does not want a priest at his party. A demoralized Maxi leaves with Butters, and later confesses to him that some time ago, he learned the extent of the Catholic Church sex abuse problem, and that it was worse than anyone thought (as seen in the episode "Red Hot Catholic Love"). When the cleanup crew appear at the roller rink and learn that Maxi was there with Butters, they kidnap Stan and Clyde, and after tracking Butters down, they kidnap him as well. The cleanup crew take the three boys into the woods, where they have deployed a Zamboni ice resurfacer modified to clean up semen, or "Kumboni". Father Maxi tracks down and confronts the cleanup crew, telling them to do whatever they want to him, but to spare the children. Surprised, the bishop in charge says that they are not there to kill him, but to cover up his crimes and issue him a transfer to the Maldives, just as the Church has always done with priests accused of child molestation. When they assure him that other priests will take over for him in South Park, Father Maxi uses the Kumboni to trample the cleanup crew to death. He returns to his position at South Park's church, delivering his sermons and calmly enduring the continued jokes at the expense of the Church. The credits of the episode have slight opaque text in the background reading "#cancelsouthpark" ==Reception== Jesse Schedeen with IGN rated the episode an 8.2 out of 10, summarizing in his review "This week's South Park offered a better sense of how the new season will set itself apart. The idea of looking back a decade or more to revisit classic South Park episodes is definitely appealing, and hopefully this won't be the last time we see that approach in Season 22." John Hugar with The A.V. Club rated the episode a B+ and ended his review stating, "This episode isn't an all-time classic like 'Red Hot Catholic Love,' but much like last week's episode, it handled a dark, difficult topic with the appropriate mix of irreverence and empathy. Trey and Matt are clearly embracing their role as social commentators, and so far, the results have been thoroughly rewarding." The episode was denounced by The Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights. However, the criticism was not for casting the Catholic Church in a negative light, but for portraying the Catholic priests accused of misconduct as molesting younger children instead of adolescents. ==References== ==External links== * "Episode 2202 'The Boys Are Missing' Press Release". South Park Studios. October 1, 2018 * "A Boy and a Priest" Full episode at South Park Studios * Category:Television episodes about child abduction Category:Catholicism in fiction Category:Television episodes about Christianity Category:Media coverage of Catholic Church sexual abuse scandals Category:Television episodes about murder Category:South Park (season 22) episodes
5866702	A Box of Rain	thumb|Cover of the original edition A Box of Rain is a 1990 book by Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter, compiling his complete songbook, in and out of the Dead, from 1965 until 1990. A more-recent paperback edition has also been published, which includes lyrics up until 1993; the original edition was hardbound. The 1993 publication also includes a different introduction by the author. The book's title comes from "Box of Rain", a song recorded and made famous on the Dead's 1970 studio classic, American Beauty. == Sources == * Robert Hunter, A Box of Rain, Penguin (Non-Classics); (1993) Category:1990 books Category:Grateful Dead
58685769	A Certain Scientific Accelerator	is a Japanese manga series written by Kazuma Kamachi and illustrated by Arata Yamaji. It is a spin-off of A Certain Magical Index series, which focuses on Academy City's most powerful Level 5 esper named Accelerator. The manga was serialized by ASCII Media Works through their monthly magazine Dengeki Daioh from December 2013 to July 2020 and published in English by Seven Seas Entertainment. Kamachi and Teto Tachitsu wrote and illustrated its manga spin- off titled A Certain Idol Accelerator-sama, which was published from October 2015 to November 2018. An anime television series adaptation by J.C.Staff aired from July 12 to September 27, 2019. ==Plot== After protecting Last Order at the cost of much of his power, Accelerator now finds himself dragged into a new conflict in the form of a sinister organization called Disciplinary Action which plots to use Last Order for a dangerous mission. Now that they have set their plan into motion and are in pursuit of the young girl, it is up to the world's most powerful esper and his newfound companion, Esther Rosenthal, to protect Last Order and defend Academy City in the process. ==Media== ===Manga=== The October 2013 issue of Dengeki Daioh magazine announced a manga spin-off of A Certain Magical Index series to be written by Kazuma Kamachi and illustrated by Arata Yamaji and Kiyotaka Haimura, which began serialization in the magazine's February 2014 issue on December 27, 2013. On March 25, 2015, Seven Seas Entertainment announced the English publication of A Certain Scientific Accelerator in North America. The manga concluded in the September issue of Dengeki Daioh on July 27, 2020. ====Spin-off==== A four-panel comedy manga spin-off of the series written by Kamachi and illustrated by Teto Tachitsu, titled , began serialization in Dengeki Daioh from October 27, 2015 to November 27, 2018. It focuses on Accelerator's career as an idol, along with other Level 5 espers. ===Anime=== thumb|Official logo of the anime series On October 7, 2018, an anime television adaptation of A Certain Scientific Accelerator was announced. The series is animated by J.C.Staff and directed by Nobuharu Kamanaka, with Kenji Sugihara handling series composition and Yohei Yaegashi designing the characters. Maiko Iuchi, the composer of A Certain Magical Index and A Certain Scientific Railgun, was confirmed in March 2019 to be composing the series. The Sixth Lie and sajou no hana performed the opening and ending theme music titled "Shadow is the Light" and "Parole", respectively. Twelve episodes were aired in Japan on AT-X, Tokyo MX, BS11, and MBS from July 12 to September 27, 2019. The first Blu-ray and DVD volumes of the series were published on October 30, 2019, followed by the second and final volumes on December 25, and February 28, 2020. On July 12, 2019, Crunchyroll began streaming A Certain Scientific Accelerator outside of Asia, while Muse Communication began distributing it on their Muse Asia YouTube channel. Funimation began streaming the series in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand on July 26, 2019, and Netflix released the full season in India on September 1, 2020. The series was released on Hulu in Japan on March 24, 2022. ====Episode list==== ==Reception== ===Sales=== The first volume of A Certain Scientific Accelerator sold 39,039 copies in the first week of its release, ranking 27th behind Kuroko's Basketball, and 54,093 copies in the second week, coming in twelfth. ===Critical response=== Evan Minto of Otaku USA found A Certain Scientific Accelerator lacking an "establishing exposition" and noted its "confusing starting point" but commended Yamaji's "comfortable" handling of action scenes. Theron Martin of Anime News Network rated the first episode of the series' anime adaptation 4 out of 5 stars, describing the overall production "at least... impressive" despite his concerns with Kamanaka and Sugihara due to their previous works and the show a "sharp enough addition to the franchise that... should not disappoint any established fan of the franchise". ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * at Dengeki Daioh * * * * Category:2019 anime television series debuts Category:ASCII Media Works manga Category:A Certain Magical Index Category:A Certain Magical Index episode lists Category:Crunchyroll anime Category:Dengeki Daioh Category:Funimation Category:J.C.Staff Category:Kadokawa Dwango franchises Category:Muse Communication Category:NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan Category:Seven Seas Entertainment titles Category:Shōnen manga Category:Works published under a pseudonym Category:Yonkoma
5870694	A Gathering of Days	A Gathering of Days; A New England Girl's Journal, 1830-32 (1979) is a historical novel by Joan Blos that won the 1980 National Book Award for Children's Books (hardcover) "National Book Awards – 1980". National Book Foundation. Retrieved 2012-02-21. From 1980 to 1983 in National Book Award history there were dual awards for hardcover and paperback books in many categories. Almost all of the paperback award-winners were reprints, including the 1980 children's paperback. and the 1980 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature. The book is written in the form of a journal kept by Catherine Hall, a young girl living in a rural village in New England with her widower father and younger sister. The journal details her daily life between the years of 1830 and 1832. Among the events of these two years are several that would have a profound impact on the rest of her life. These include her assistance to an escaped slave, her father's remarriage, and the sudden death of her best friend. == Catherine Hall== Catherine, called Cath by her friends, is thirteen at the start of the book, and has a birthday in May, so for most of the journal she is thirteen. Her best friend is Cassie, who dies during the course of the journal. Catherine has a younger sister, Matty. Her mother died four years before the journal takes place. Her father remarried in May 1831, and his wife, a widow, brought her own son to live with them, Daniel. They all figured out how to be a family and Catherine learns to love her new stepmom. == Cassie Shipman == Cassie is Catherine's best friend. She is a year older than Catherine, fourteen, but the girls are the same height. She has three brothers: David Horatio (two years older), Asa Hale (Catherine's age), and William Mason, the baby. In the summer of 1831, Cassie is suddenly struck with a high fever. Her condition worsens over the next nine days, and she dies in her sleep on August 20, 1831. In her 1899 letter to her great-granddaughter, Catherine says of her dear childhood friend, "of all of us, the only one never to grow old." ==Reception== At the time of the book's publication, Kirkus Reviews said, "The tone is suitably restrained, and the language, which means to mimic accurately the speech and writing patterns of the period, is so awkwardly formal at times that to follow it the reader must be sharply attentive. The reward is a warm and interesting glimpse into a past way of life dependent on the close society of neighbors, friends, and family. Carefully researched and convincingly delivered." In a retrospective essay about the Newbery Medal-winning books from 1976 to 1985, literary critic Zena Sutherland wrote, "Catherine's journal shows her reflection of diverse viewpoints about runaway slaves, and it makes reference to recorded history; but the details that indicate historical research on the author's part are never obtrusive, and they do not dominate the story by clogging the narrative flow. In sum, this is a book set in a historical period, but it is not a book about nineteenth-century New Hampshire: It is a book about a human being." ==Notes== ==References== Category:1979 American novels Category:Fictional diaries Category:Children's historical novels Category:American children's novels Category:Newbery Medal–winning works Category:National Book Award for Young People's Literature winning works Category:Novels set in New Hampshire Category:Novels set in the 1830s Category:1979 children's books Category:Children's books set in New Hampshire Category:Children's books set in the 1830s
58850847	A Different Pond	A Different Pond is a 2017 children's picture book by Bao Phi, illustrated by Thi Bui. The book tells the story of a boy and his father going fishing. Phi created the book because of his desire to have books about people like himself to read to his daughter. Bui's detailed illustrations allowed Phi to remove elements of the prose. Bui, who had never illustrated a traditional picture book before, won praise for her use of colors and was recognized with a 2018 Caldecott Honor. The book received positive reviews and appeared on best of 2017 book lists. == Plot == A boy goes fishing early one Saturday morning with his father, who immigrated to the United States after the Vietnam War. The family depends on catching food to have enough to eat. After they catch a fish, the two return home so that the boy's father can go to work. The boy knows that that night for dinner they will eat the fish they've caught. == Background == Author Bao Phi had wanted more diverse books to read to his daughter. He decided to adapt an unpublished poem of his into a children's picture book because he thought that there was few picture books that deal directly with the struggles of Southeast Asian refugees in America. Following a blog post he wrote about another one its titles, Capstone Publishers reached out to Phi to ask him to submit a children's book; he then shared with them the "script" to A Different Pond. After seeing Thi Bui's illustrations, Phi was struck by their beauty and power and decided to remove some of the writing, thinking that the pictures served to describe what he was feeling. Bui was excited to illustrate the book because the similarity between Bui and Phi allowed her to tap into her own immigrant experience. She also asked Phi for details of his childhood so she could capture them in her illustrations. She was inspired by Maurice Sendak's In the Night Kitchen. Bui had never drawn for a picture book before, nor had she drawn in full color before, and was struck by having to draw at a level of detail unlike her graphic novels, though she was relieved by its length as compared to her 300-page memoir. To overcome this she digitally experimented with colors and textures. The book was published on August 1, 2017 by Capstone. == Writing and illustrations == While the story is about a specific Southeast Asian family it also contains more universal elements. The background of the family being refugees due to the Vietnam War, which the father is unable to speak about, is a powerful force in the story, although refugee status is not explicitly stated. The family's poverty is also a major feature. These are referenced through things such as a bologna sandwich the father and son eat while fishing, and the boy's wondering why they need to catch fish to eat when his father works two jobs. The father acts as an excellent parent, working to make life better for his son while also mentoring, guiding, and providing a loving home for him, which helps him mature and grow. The book could seem, in the words of the Kirkus review, "melancholy", but the way the words and pictures work together instead creates a "gentle[r]" feel. Bui's background in cartoons and elements of graphic novels, helps to capture the mood and feel of the text. For instance, the use of frames helps to keep the story focused on the present even as it flashes back to the past. In the words of Anna Haase Krueger writing for School Library Journal, "The text placement and composition of the illustrations allow each occurrence or observation to be its own distinct event, stringing together the small, discrete moments that make up a life, a memory, and a history into a cohesive whole." Bui's use of blues and the way she contrasts them with other colors such as reds and oranges, drew particular praise. Also drawing praise was the cover illustration which served to both draw readers in and encapsulate the story. == Reception == The book was well received. It earned starred reviews from Booklist, where reviewer Sarah Hunter described the book as a "wistful, beautifully illustrated story" and recognised the applicability of its central theme to immigrant families, and to struggling families generally; author Minh Lê, writing for The Horn Book Magazine, praised the "powerfully understated picture book" and recognized its ability to shift the focus of the refugee narrative from the painful journey to the reality awaiting the family members once they reach their destination. Kirkus Reviews; Publishers Weekly; and School Library Journal. The book was also named in many end of year best children's books lists including by The Washington Post, the HuffPost, The Boston Globe, Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, the New York Public Library, the Chicago Public Library and as an ALA Notable book which summarized, "In this gentle, honest tale of immigrant survival, a young Vietnamese American boy and his father go on an early morning fishing trip." The book was awarded a Caldecott Honor with the committee praising the book for the way it uses a, "cinematic experience, powerfully capturing facial expressions, mood, and quiet moments" to portray the book's themes. The book was also awarded a Boston Globe–Horn Book Honor. In her acceptance speech Bui praised Phi saying he had "one of the biggest hearts I’ve ever met and bravely wearing it openly for everyone to see and learn from. I’m so glad we got to make this book together". == References == Category:2017 children's books Category:American picture books Category:Caldecott Honor-winning works Category:Fictional Vietnamese-American people Category:Children's books set in the United States Category:Works about fishing
5896538	A Kingdom He Likes	A Kingdom He Likes is the 39th release by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, released by his own Corwood Industries label (#0777). It was his fourth release of 2004 and features the artist on acoustic guitar. ==Track listing== ==References== Category:Jandek albums Category:2004 albums Category:Corwood Industries albums
5916568	A Great Day for Freedom	"A Great Day for Freedom" is a song by Pink Floyd from their 1994 album, The Division Bell. ==Writing== The song, originally titled "In Shades of Grey", addresses the great hopes following the fall of the Berlin Wall and the disappointment that followed. David Gilmour stated: > There was a wonderful moment of optimism when the Wall came down – the > release of Eastern Europe from the non-democratic side of the socialist > system. But what they have now doesn't seem to be much better. Again, I'm > fairly pessimistic about it all. I sort of wish and live in hope, but I tend > to think that history moves at a much slower pace than we think it does. I > feel that real change takes a long, long time."Sounds of Silence" interview > , Guitar World, September 1994. Retrieved 28 July 2010. Despite Gilmour's statements to the contrary, the lyrics have often been read as a reflection on the bitter and estranged partnership Gilmour had with former bandmate Roger Waters, who was the driving force behind the band's album The Wall. By this interpretation, the "Great Day for Freedom" would be the day Waters left the band, giving the other members freedom to determine the band's future direction. Gilmour commented on this reading: "I'm quite happy for people to interpret The Division Bell any way they like. But maybe a note of caution should be sounded because you can read too much into it. 'A Great Day for Freedom', for example, has got nothing to do with Roger or his 'wall'. It just doesn't. What else can I say?"David Gilmour interview , Pink Floyd & Co., 1994. According to session player Jon Carin the track was a leftover from the sessions for the band's previous album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason. In 2022, the song was reworked by Gilmour based on the original tapes, adding some new vocals, instruments and backing vocals by Sam Brown, Durga McBroom and Claudia Fontaine taken from the Pulse rehearsals. It was released as the B-side of the "Hey, Hey, Rise Up!" single. Although both Richard Wright and Gilmour are credited for playing keyboards on this version, this has been disputed by Carin, who has claimed that he played the keyboards, stating it was "incredibly disrespectful to use his name to promote something when he wasn’t even invited to play on it".Jon Carin Facebook post ==Live== The song was performed by the band on selected dates of The Division Bell tour, and is available on the Pulse (1995) live album, but was omitted from the Pulse VHS and DVD. Gilmour performed it at his solo semi-acoustic concerts in 2002 which can be seen on the David Gilmour in Concert (2002) DVD. The song also made just one appearance during Gilmour's 2006 On an Island Tour, at the final show in Gdańsk, Poland; this performance can be found on the live album/DVD Live in Gdańsk (2008). ==Personnel== ===The Division Bell=== *David Gilmour – guitar, bass, vocals *Nick Mason – drums, tambourine Additional musicians: *Jon Carin - piano, Prophet-5 synthesizer *Michael Kamen – orchestral arrangement ===The Division Bell Tour, 1994=== *David Gilmour – electric guitar, lead vocals *Richard Wright – synthesizer *Nick Mason – drums with: *Guy Pratt – bass *Jon Carin – piano, Hammond organ, vocals *Gary Wallis – percussion *Tim Renwick – acoustic guitar *Sam Brown – backing vocals *Claudia Fontaine – backing vocals *Durga McBroom – backing vocals ===David Gilmour Live in Gdańsk, 2006=== *David Gilmour – electric guitar, lead vocals *Richard Wright – synthesizer *Guy Pratt – bass *Steve DiStanislao – drums *Phil Manzanera – acoustic guitar *Jon Carin – keyboards, vocals with: *Leszek Możdżer – piano *Polish Baltic Philharmonic orchestra, conducted by Zbigniew Preisner ===A Great Day for Freedom 2022=== *David Gilmour – lead vocals and harmony vocals, guitar, bass, piano, Prophet 5 synthesizer, Hammond organ *Nick Mason – drums *Richard Wright – synthesizer *Sam Brown – backing vocals *Claudia Fontaine – backing vocals *Durga McBroom – backing vocals ==References== Category:Pink Floyd songs Category:1994 songs Category:Songs written by David Gilmour Category:Songs with lyrics by Polly Samson Category:Song recordings produced by Bob Ezrin Category:Songs against racism and xenophobia Category:Songs about freedom Category:Rock ballads Category:Berlin Wall in popular culture Category:Song recordings produced by David Gilmour
59332065	A Cavalier	thumb|A Cavalier (1657) by Frans can Mieris the Elder A Cavalier is a 1657 oil on canvas self-portrait by the Dutch artist Frans van Mieris. In 2007 it was stolen from the Art Gallery of New South Wales and has not yet been recovered. It is one of the FBI's "Top Ten Art Crimes" and has an estimated value of about $1 million. ==References== Category:Self-portraits category:Paintings by Frans van Mieris the Elder Category:1657 paintings Category:Stolen works of art Category:Collections of the Art Gallery of New South Wales Category:Lost paintings
59357330	A Foolish Maiden	A Foolish Maiden (French: La vierge folle) is a 1929 French silent comedy film directed by Luitz-Morat and starring Emmy Lynn, Jean Angelo and Suzy Vernon.Crisp p.121 The film's sets were designed by the art director Pierre Schild. ==Cast== * Emmy Lynn as Fanny Armaury * Jean Angelo as Armaury * Suzy Vernon as Diane de Charance * Maurice Schutz as Le duc de Charance * Pierre Fresnay as Gaston de Charance * Simone Judic as Kerty * Marguerite de Morlaye as La duchesse du Charance ==References== ==Bibliography== * Crisp, Colin. Genre, Myth and Convention in the French Cinema, 1929-1939. Indiana University Press, 2002. ==External links== * Category:1929 films Category:Films directed by Luitz-Morat Category:French silent feature films Category:French comedy films Category:1929 comedy films Category:French films based on plays Category:French black-and-white films Category:Silent comedy films Category:1920s French films Category:1920s French-language films
59524395	A History of New York	__NOTOC__ A History of New York, subtitled From the Beginning of the World to the End of the Dutch Dynasty, is an 1809 literary parody on the early history of New York City by Washington Irving. Originally published under the pseudonym Diedrich Knickerbocker, later editions that acknowledged Irving's authorship were printed as Knickerbocker's History of New York. The book is significant as early media describing what became modern Christmas traditions in the United States. ==Background== Irving had previously published his compilation of sketches Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle, Gent. (1802) and headed a short-lived periodical called Salmagundi (1807–1808). He completed his satirical A History of New York in 1809 after the death of his 17-year-old fiancée Matilda Hoffman. It was his first major book and a satire on local history and contemporary politics. Before its publication, Irving started a hoax by placing a series of missing person advertisements in New York newspapers seeking information on Diedrich Knickerbocker, a Dutch historian who had allegedly gone missing from his hotel in New York City. As part of this guerilla marketing ruse he placed a notice from the hotel's proprietor informing readers that if Mr. Knickerbocker failed to return to the hotel to pay his bill he would publish a manuscript that Knickerbocker had left behind.Jones, Brian Jay. Washington Irving: An American Original. Arcade, 2008: 118–27. Unsuspecting readers followed the story of Knickerbocker and his manuscript with interest, and some New York city officials were concerned enough about the missing historian to offer a reward for his safe return. Irving then published A History of New York on December 6, 1809, under the Knickerbocker pseudonym, with immediate critical and popular success.Burstein, Andrew. The Original Knickerbocker: The Life of Washington Irving. Basic Books, 2007: 72. "It took with the public", Irving remarked, "and gave me celebrity, as an original work was something remarkable and uncommon in America".Washington Irving to Mrs. Amelia Foster, [April–May 1823], Works, 23:741. The name Diedrich Knickerbocker became a nickname for Manhattan residents in general and was adopted by the New York Knickerbockers basketball team. ==Reception== Contemporary critics of the book described it as "an attempt to annihilate the history of America". The book loosely inspired the musical Knickerbocker Holiday. In 2005, reviewer Christine Wade described the book as satire and not being a modern novel. In the introduction to the 2008 edition, Elizabeth L. Bradley argues that the work is an unconventional novel; she notes that early readers were reminded of Sterne's Tristram Shandy, and that "the proto-postmodern innovations of the History" resemble "the same inventive qualities in such subsequent American writers as Nathaniel Hawthorne, Herman Melville, Thomas Pynchon, and Don DeLillo".Introduction, A History of New York (NY: Penguin Books, 2008), xvi, xxiv. In 2012, reviewer Jerome McGann said that, despite the book being satire, it also contains useful historical facts and context. ==References== ==Further reading== * ==External links== *Text at Project Gutenberg *Britannica Category:1809 novels Category:Parody history books Category:Works published under a pseudonym Category:Works by Washington Irving Category:Books about New York City Category:Novels set in the American colonial era Category:American comedy novels Category:American satirical novels Category:Metafictional novels
59723930	A God in Ruins	A God in Ruins may refer to: * A God in Ruins (Atkinson novel), a 2015 novel by Kate Atkinson * A God in Ruins (Uris novel), a 1999 novel by Leon Uris
598996	A Fighting Man of Mars	A Fighting Man of Mars is a science fantasy novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the seventh of his Barsoom series. Burroughs began writing it on February 28, 1929, and the finished story was first published in The Blue Book Magazine as a six-part serial in the issues for April to September 1930. It was later published as a complete novel by Metropolitan in May 1931. ==Plot summary== Like many other Burroughs stories, A Fighting Man of Mars resembles The Arabian Nights. The story is purportedly relayed back to earth via the Gridley Wave, a sort of super radio frequency previously introduced in Tanar of Pellucidar, the third of Burrough's Pellucidar novels, which thus provides a link between the two series. The story-teller is Ulysses Paxton, protagonist of the previous novel, The Master Mind of Mars, but this story is not about him; rather, it is the tale of Tan Hadron of Hastor, a lowly, poor padwar (a low-ranking officer) who is in love with the beautiful, haughty Sanoma Tora, daughter of Tor Hatan, a minor but rich noble. As he is only a padwar, Sanoma spurns him. Then Sanoma Tora is kidnapped, and the novel moves into high gear. As Tan Hadron crosses Mars ("Barsoom", as Burroughs calls it) searching for Sanoma Tora, he encounters some of Barsoom's most ferocious beasts: huge, many-armed, flesh-eating white apes, gigantic spiders, and the insane cannibals of U-Gor. He also meets the mad scientist Phor Tak, who cackles "Heigh-oo!" and is crazed with the desire for revenge. The initial simplicity of Burroughs' well-worn pursuit plot is elaborated by Hadron's rescue of an escaped slave, Tavia, from a band of six-limbed Green Martians of Torquas, en route to the city of Jahar where Hadron believes Sanoma Tora has been taken. Tavia is an atypical Burroughs heroine; depicted as self-reliant and competent with weapons, witty and intelligent, she compares favorably for both reader and Hadron with beautiful but shallow Sanoma Tora, who ultimately shows herself unworthy of the virtuous hero. With the addition of Nur An, a disaffected Jaharian warrior, and another escaped woman slave, Phao, Hadron's quest becomes more collaborative than Burroughs' usual, although Tavia, in an unsurprising plot development, is revealed to be a princess at the end. ==Copyright== The copyright for this story was not renewed by December 31, 1955, in the United States and therefore is in the public domain. Nevertheless, LibriVox.org does not recognize this status. The copyright for this story has expired in Australia, and thus now resides in the public domain there. The text is available via Project Gutenberg Australia. ==Reception== Floyd C. Gale of Galaxy Science Fiction said that "Burroughs's choice of a model was a wise one. The Arabian Nights are corking good adventure stories in their own right". ==Influence== In 1973 George Lucas used the first chapter of this novel as the basis for his early, unfinished two-page draft of Star Wars titled Journal of the Whills. ==References== * ==External links== * * *ERBzine.com Illustrated Bibliography entry for A Fighting Man of Mars *Zip file Text file at Project Gutenberg Australia *Edgar Rice Burroughs Summary Project page for A Fighting Man of Mars Category:1931 American novels Category:1931 fantasy novels Category:1931 science fiction novels Category:American fantasy novels Category:American science fiction novels Category:Martian novels by Edgar Rice Burroughs Category:Metropolitan Books books Category:Novels first published in serial form Category:Works originally published in Blue Book (magazine)
59988823	A Caprice	A Caprice is the only known oil painting by English artist Aubrey Beardsley, made c.1894. It has been held by the Tate Gallery since 1923. Unusually, the work is painted with two different images, one on each side of the canvas. The unfinished surreal images both have covert sexual imagery. The painting on the front of the canvas, A Caprice, is believed to have been painted first. It depicts a scene in a theatre. A woman in a black dress with green details is being led by a short black-faced person in a red costume towards an arched doorway opening onto an auditorium. The woman has a white feather in her black hat, and is holding a white muff; her pallid white face is shown in profile, with prominent red lips and cheeks. The painting seems to be inspired by the first of Beardsley's three images depicting "The Comedy-Ballet of Marionnettes, as performed by the troupe of the Theatre-Impossible, posed in three drawings", which were published in the second volume of the avant-garde art journal The Yellow Book in July 1894. In the illustration, drapes hanging in the arched doorway give it a phallic appearance. In the painting, the red- clothed dwarf with black face may represent female genitalia. On the reverse is a painting known as Masked Woman with a White Mouse. The subject, a woman in a black face mask, is similarly wearing a dark dress, and made up with white skin with red lips and a black beauty spot, and black hair. Incongruously, a white mouse is passing on a flat surface before her, as if along the edge of a balcony, but she pays it no attention. The painting occupies the slightly smaller space within the stretcher, which frames the composition. The mouse is commonly interpreted a Freudian symbol for the penis, although some commentators have noted that Freud's psychoanalytical work was not known in London in 1894. A Caprice measures ; Masked Woman with a White Mouse measures . The paintings may be influenced by William Rothenstein, who also contributed to The Yellow Book and with whom Beardsley shared a studio. The paintings may also be influenced by works of Pietro Longhi depicting the Venetian Carnival. Neither painting was finished, and the canvas was abandoned by Beardsley in 1895 and left behind at 114 Cambridge Street, Pimlico, when his lease ended. It was found by the new tenant, Mrs. Pugh, along with many drawings which she destroyed. It was bought by R.A. Walker in 1920; he gave it the title A Caprice, and sold it to the Tate in 1923. ==References== * Aubrey Beardsley, Caprice. Verso: Masked Woman with a White Mouse, c.1894, Tate Gallery, Category:1894 paintings Category:Collection of the Tate galleries
60102787	A Jakállan Intrigue	thumb|upright|right A Jakállan Intrigue is a 1984 fantasy role-playing game adventure published by Tékumel Games for Empire of the Petal Throne and Swords & Glory. ==Contents== A Jakállan Intrigue is an adventure in which player characters act in conjunction with several non-player characters acting as guards, assistants, etc., in the city of Jakalla. ==Reception== Frederick Paul Kiesche III reviewed A Jakállan Intrigue in Space Gamer No. 71. Kiesche commented that "Intrigue is an excellent adventure, far superior to much of what is currently on the market. A fine new product from Tekumel Games, indicating that we have real talent working there!" ==References== Category:Fantasy role-playing game adventures Category:Role-playing game supplements introduced in 1984 Category:Tékumel
60121915	A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived	thumb|right|220px|First US edition cover showing a different subtitle A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived: The Stories in Our Genes (published in the United States as A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived: The Human Story Retold Through Our Genes) is a popular science book by British geneticist, author and broadcaster Adam Rutherford. It was first published in 2016 in the United Kingdom by Weidenfeld & Nicolson. An updated edition was published in the United States in 2017, with a different subtitle, by The Experiment. The book is about human genetics and what it reveals about human identity and their history. A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived won gold at the 2017 Foreword INDIE Book Awards for Science, and won the 2018 Thomas Bonner Book Prize. The book was also a 2017 National Book Critics Circle Award non-fiction finalist, featured on the 2017 Wellcome Book Prize longlist, and appeared on National Geographic's top 12 books from 2017. ==Table of contents== *Foreword by Siddhartha Mukherjee [*] *Introduction *Part One: How we came to be #Horny and mobile #The first European union #These American lands [*] #When we were kings 1. The king lives on 2. Richard III, Act VI 3. The king is dead ... *Part Two: Who we are now # * The end of race #The most wonderous map ever produced by humankind #Fate #A short introduction to the future of humankind *Epilogue [*] 2017 US edition ==Synopsis== A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived explains the Out of Africa hypothesis that Homo sapiens originated in Africa about 200,000 years ago. They began slowly migrating to Europe around 100,000 years ago, where they encountered Neanderthals. DNA extracted from Neanderthal remains and compared to contemporary human DNA showed that Homo sapiens mated with Homo neanderthalensis. Today, about 2% of the sequence in European genomes is of Neanderthal origin. The book also investigates the lineage of European kings. DNA has enabled geneticists to construct their family trees going back to Charlemagne in the 8th century. Rutherford shows that family trees are not neat and tidy, but tangled webs. They often collapse in on themselves as a result of inbreeding. King Charles II's family tree was particularly bad as a result of incest in the family. Their rational for this practice was to preserve their "royal blood", and this often had an adverse effect on their health; Charles himself was disabled, epileptic and mentally unstable. The book discusses the genes responsible for some human traits, including red hair, earwax and lactose intolerance/lactase persistence. Racial classification is shown to be a scientifically invalid concept. The genome encodes a huge number of characteristics that differ from person to person, which far outnumber the physical differences between black and white people. Rutherford concludes that genetics cannot be used to define race. Francis Galton and his contribution to the development of eugenics is also examined. The Human Genome Project revealed that humans only have about 20,000 genes, far fewer than scientists expected, and ended up posing more questions than it answered. The project also highlighted the limits of genetics and that it is no panacea for diseases. Rutherford criticises the popular press for their inaccurate reporting on genetics, and companies conducting DNA ancestry tests that produce impossibly accurate results. He says these companies and the press often overlook the fact that genetics is not an exact science – it is probabilistic. ==Reception== In a review in The Guardian, Colin Grant described A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived as an "effervescent work, brimming with tales and confounding ideas". He called the author "an enthusiastic guide" who disentangles the maze of collapsed family trees and inbreeding. Grant felt that he was "especially illuminating" on the ill-defined notion of race, and "how it both does and doesn't exist". He said that Rutherford aims high: the rewriting human history, but called him "a commendable historian ... who is determined to illuminate the commonality of Homo sapiens". Robin McKie described Rutherford's exposition of the Human Genome Project as "elegant". Writing in another review of the book in The Guardian, McKie noted how the author is careful to bring the project's "dreams of a medical revolution" down to earth, emphasising that its "greatest achievement ... was working out exactly how little we knew." McKie praised Rutherford for highlighting modern genetics' limitations, that it is better at describing humans as a species than as individuals. He called the book "a polished, thoroughly entertaining history of Homo sapiens", adding that it is "popular science writing at its best". In a review in The New York Times, Misha Angrist described A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived as "nothing less than a tour de force". Despite the book's ambitious tile, he felt that Rutherford "deliver[s] on its great promise". Angrist complimented the author on his "captivating storytelling" that is "entertaining and engaging" and "never feels pedantic". He was impressed by the way Rutherford dealt with such sensitive topics as race and eugenics, and that he used examples like earwax and lactose intolerance, rather than Mendel's exhumed pea plants to demonstrate how genetics work. Angrist concluded his review by stating: "If genetics can ever offer us words to live by, I reckon these are probably the best it can do." Nancy R. Curtis wrote in the Library Journal that A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived should attract readers of both popular and technical science books. She said it is "amusing and provocative", and "may bruise the egos of a few genealogists". Curtis did, however, complain that Rutherford gives too much attention to European and British issues, and from time to time "succumbs to editorializing on peripheral topics", for example creationism and genetic determinism. In a review in The Wall Street Journal, Charles C. Mann was a little critical of the book's title, saying that it "is not particularly brief, not exactly a history and not concerned with everyone who ever lived". But he was pleased that Rutherford did not fall into the trap of "hyping the science to sell the story" that popular science books often do. He said the author is "an enthusiastic guide and a good story-teller", although Mann did complain about Rutherford's many digressions that interrupt the flow of the text. ==Awards== Award Year Result Wellcome Book Prize 2017 National Book Critics Circle Award 2017 Foreword INDIE Gold Award for Science 2017 Thomas Bonner Book Prize 2018 ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== *A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived: The Stories in Our Genes at Weidenfeld & Nicolson *A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived: The Human Story Retold Through Our Genes at The Experiment Category:2016 non-fiction books Category:Genetics books Category:Popular science books Category:Weidenfeld & Nicolson books
60300169	A Fugitive from Matrimony	A Fugitive from Matrimony is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Henry King and starring H.B. Warner, Seena Owen, and Adele Farrington.Guide to the Silent Years of American Cinema, p. 166 ==Cast== * H.B. Warner as Stephen Van Courtlandt * Seena Owen as Barbara Riggs * Adele Farrington as Mrs. E. Elmer Riggs * Walter Perry as Zachariah E. Riggs * Christine Mayo as Edythe Arlington * Matthew Biddulph * John Gough * Lule Warrenton ==References== ==Bibliography== * Donald W. McCaffrey & Christopher P. Jacobs. Guide to the Silent Years of American Cinema. Greenwood Publishing, 1999. ==External links== * Category:1919 films Category:1919 comedy films Category:American comedy films Category:Films directed by Henry King Category:American silent feature films Category:1910s English-language films Category:American black- and-white films Category:Film Booking Offices of America films Category:Silent comedy-drama films Category:1910s American films Category:Silent American drama films Category:Silent American comedy films
60408338	A Divorce Before Marriage	A Divorce Before Marriage is an album by the band I Like Trains. Released on 2 December 2016, the album is the soundtrack for the film A Divorce Before Marriage, a documentary about the band by Matt Hopkins and Ben Lankester. ==Track listing== # "Bethesda" - 7:59 # "Tennyson" - 4:48 # "Wharfe" - 4:10 # "Elbe" - 2:43 # "X" - 9:44 # "North" - 7:11 # "A Misspent Youth" - 4:10 # "Lock 19" - 4:06 # "Aire" - 5:36 # "Ilkley Moor" - 10:56 # "Severn Bridge" - 3:12 ==References== Category:2016 soundtrack albums Category:I Like Trains albums
60412308	A Bath Full of Ecstasy	A Bath Full of Ecstasy is the seventh studio album by English synth-pop group Hot Chip. It was released on 21 June 2019, and was co-produced by Hot Chip, Philippe Zdar, and Rodaidh McDonald, marking the first time the group worked with outside producers. The album was preceded by the singles "Hungry Child" and "Melody of Love". It is one of the final albums released with production credits from Zdar – alongside his band Cassius' final studio album Dreems, released on the same day – as he died two days before its release, on 19 June. ==Writing and recording== Preliminary songwriting for A Bath Full of Ecstasy was undertaken by Hot Chip members Alexis Taylor and Joe Goddard, and first traces back to work they did for pop singer Katy Perry. After she asked them to help with songwriting for her 2017 album Witness, the duo spent four days at Air Studios collaborating with her. Goddard called it "incredibly exciting" and said: "I loved writing for somebody else. She was great, very funny and easygoing". One of the songs they wrote, "Into Me You See", ended up on her album, while two others, "Spell" and "Echo", were re-worked by Hot Chip for A Bath Full of Ecstasy. Felix Martin said, "We ended up with the leftover bits they'd written, being very much obvious pop stuff, and those songs ended up being something more interesting than that." Taylor and Goddard also recorded demos at Goddard's studio in East London. When the members of Hot Chip re- convened to record A Bath Full of Ecstasy, they decided to work with outside producers for the first time and to allow them to have a say in the songwriting. The decision was born out of the band's desire to take a different approach than they had on previous records, and to have someone push them creatively. Martin said, "We all recognize you need to set new challenges and put yourself in slightly different positions in order to provoke a different response artistically." Goddard said that the group also wanted someone who would present additional choices of equipment for them to use beyond what they already owned. After meeting with several producers, the band chose to work with Philippe Zdar of French musical duo Cassius, as well as Rodaidh McDonald. Initially, collaborating with outsiders caused some friction. Whereas Taylor and Goddard were open to McDonald challenging them to write better songs, band member Al Doyle had some difficulty trusting "the people [they] were working with were making better decisions than [they] would make as a band". Doyle said he needed to acclimate himself to McDonald's style, as the producer worked entirely on a computer, whereas Doyle was "more traditional and old-fashioned". Though Taylor was eager to follow the producers' direction, he said that in a few instances, he decided to follow his instincts and disregard their suggestions. The two producers had very different styles. McDonald, who Martin described as "mild-mannered", "analytical", and "goal-oriented", brought a pop-centric mindset and deliberated about the song structures. He recommended to the group where to add bridges, choruses, and hooks, how many bars they should last, and he considered how the songs should be edited differently for radio or streaming services. Goddard said of McDonald, "He was quite ruthless – 'is this verse too long? Do we have to write something stronger? We should get to the chorus faster.' He pushed us to be more ambitious." Martin said the producer was very honest and never afraid to suggest changes if he thought the songs could be improved, which included urging lyrical rewrites. He described McDonald as having an editor's mindset, in that "he would always look to make songs work better in a shorter, more punchy way." Goddard said he was "really amazing at structuring the songs, so that it's very not overstaying its welcome". The band worked with McDonald in London. Zdar, on the other hand, was more interested in fostering a collaborative atmosphere in the studio amongst the band members and capturing the moments of "fun improvisation". Contrasting with his counterpart, Zdar believed in long edits of tracks instead of making short pop songs. Taylor said Zdar had a knack for spotting the vocal melodies and hooks in songs, and his mixes emphasised them while also giving "more space in the music". Taylor also enjoyed the unfamiliar equipment and instruments that Zdar offered the group, helping them deviate from familiar habits. Goddard called him "bold and passionate" and praised his skills at "working with bass, making records feel really full and alive". He said the producer's "sense of joy and wonder at the world" helped instill the group with more confidence. They worked with Zdar at his studio, Motorbass Studios, in Montmartre, Paris. Goddard credited the band members' musical pursuits outside of Hot Chip with improving them as a band, saying that they honed their skills "either as a musician or a producer, an arranger or a live player". He cited Doyle as an example, saying he had strengthened his guitar and bass guitar playing due to his experience performing with LCD Soundsystem on tour. Approximately 20 songs were in consideration to be included on the album. Martin said that if decision of the track listing has been left entirely to the band members, the album would have comprised 10–12 songs, but they received advice from the record label and producers to keep it more concise. ==Release and promotion== The band announced the album on 4 April 2019, publishing the artwork, track listing, and release date, as well as concert tour dates. The news was accompanied by the release of the record's lead single, "Hungry Child", and its music video. A second single, "Melody of Love", was released on 29 May 2019, along with a music video. A Bath Full of Ecstasy was released on 21 June 2019 in several formats. A standard edition of the record was released on vinyl, CD, and in digital formats. A deluxe edition was released on two vinyl records, with a pressing on transparent orange and turquoise discs, a black and white sleeve, and autographs of the band members. The album artwork was designed by Jeremy Deller and graphic designer Fraser Muggeridge. ==Reception== Will Hodgkinson of The Times called A Bath Full of Ecstasy "as warm and appealing as its title suggests". He said the album would be merely escapist if "not for the melancholic undertow of the melodies and the empathy of the lyrics, making this beautiful album a summer soundtrack with depth". Roisin O'Connor of The Independent called the album Hot Chip's best, saying they "offer up some of their most poignant phrases to date". The review concluded, "For all its glimmering synths and the robotic pathos of Taylor's idiosyncratic vocals, this is a record with both heart and soul." Damien Morris of The Observer said the album saw "the band's gift for melody and grasp of pop's dynamics tweaked into transcendent shapes" by Zdar and McDonald. He opined that the group sound their best when delving into "the comforting predictability of that pulsing beat" of house music. Pitchforks Jonah Bromwich said, "it's compulsively listenable, oddly moving, and stranger than it first appears, as the band gets existential on the dance floor." He thought the album was most effective when the producers pushed the group beyond their comfort zone, and despite some "truly dopey lyrics", he praised the reassuring nature of the music, writing, "It's music that creates a soothing bubble, not to seal off the outside world but to create space to breathe within it." Joe Levy of Rolling Stone praised the group for making music that is simultaneously philosophical and hedonistic. He called the sound of the record: "calibrated normality giving way to all sorts of experiments and revelations. It's clunky and smooth, a clip clop symphony of simplicity done up with complicated touches — both sonic and emotional — underneath." NMEs Elizabeth Aubrey called the album "their boldest offering in years" and "a celebration of life in full technicolour". She praised the group for making dance music as an act of defiance, writing, "Amidst all the experimentation and extremes of this impressive album is a message about life: bathing in the moments of ecstasy will ultimately enable us to cherish and value life more." Anna Alger of Exclaim! also praised the album for its comforting nature, saying that it "provides hope within strife, encourages repeated listens as much for their danceability as the quality of the writing." Stephen Worthy of Mojo commended Hot Chip for their choice of producers and said the band "remain ruthlessly consistent and relentlessly reliable". He called the title track "fail-safe festival material" and "Hungry Child" the group's "purest club moment yet". Uncuts Piers Martin said the band "have seldom sounded as youthful and carefree as they do" on A Bath Full of Ecstasy while complimenting Zdar and McDonald for enhancing their sound. ===Accolades=== Publication Accolade Rank GQ (Russia) The 20 Best Albums of 2019 musicOMH Top 50 Albums of 2019 Slant Magazine The 25 Best Albums of 2019 The Independent The 50 best albums of 2019 Popmatters The 70 Best Albums of 2019 The Guardian The 50 best albums of 2019 Mojo The 75 Best Albums of 2019 Q The 50 best albums of 2019 Under the Radar Top 100 Albums of 2019 Stereogum Best 2019 Albums So Far (Mid-Year) ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart performance for A Bath Full of Ecstasy Chart (2019) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA) 59 US Top Current Album Sales (Billboard) 40 ==References== Category:2019 albums Category:Hot Chip albums Category:Domino Recording Company albums Category:Albums produced by Rodaidh McDonald Category:Albums recorded at RAK Studios
60496264	A Hidden Life	A Hidden Life may refer to: * A Hidden Life (memoir), a memoir by Johanna Reiss * A Hidden Life (2001 film), a Brazilian drama film * A Hidden Life (2019 film), a historical drama film directed by Terrence Malick
60598123	A Colour Box	A Colour Box is a 1935 British experimental animated film by Len Lye. Commissioned to promote the General Post Office, it was Lye's first direct animation to receive a public release. ==Production== In mid 1935, Lye struck a deal with John Grierson to make a direct animation for the GPO Film Unit. Lye was paid £30, with his materials paid for by the GPO. Lye and sound editor Jack Ellitt went through hundreds of records looking for music to use as the soundtrack. They selected a beguine called "The Belle Creole" by Don Barreto and his Cuban Orchestra. After the music was transferred to film, Lye made cue marks on the sound track, which he used as a guide as he painted on the image track. Lye painted long, continuous patterns on the 35 mm film stock, without frame lines to separate individual film frames and with few splices used. He used combs or sticks to create linear patterns on the film stock. It took him five days to finish most of the film. Before settling on the title A Colour Box, Lye used the titles Cheaper Parcel Post and La Belle Creole. ==Release== A Colour Box was first shown to critics and journalists on 6 September 1935. Cinema owners were hesitant to screen the work because of its experimental approach and promotional nature. The Granada Theatre and the Tatler Cinema were among the first to screen it. The film had its international premiere in October 1935 at the International Cinema Festival in Brussels. The jury created a special "fantasy film" category so that they could award A Colour Box with a Medal of Honour. The film was later screened at the 1936 Venice Film Festival, where Nazi viewers labeled it degenerate art and protested the film. They stomped their feet loudly, leading to the three-minute film being stopped before its completion. ==Reception== Contemporary reactions to A Colour Box were polarised. Many critics recognised its originality but viewed it as little more than a novelty. Robert Herring called it "the first ballet in film". One review in Sight & Sound said that Lye had "stirred the abstract film to a new vitality." Canadian animator Norman McLaren carefully studied the film, inspired by Lye's "technical inventiveness". It became a major influence on his own direct filmmaking practices. ==References== ==External links== * A Colour Box at the Len Lye Foundation * Category:1935 short films Category:1935 films Category:1935 animated films Category:1930s animated short films Category:1930s avant-garde and experimental films Category:Advertisements Category:British animated short films Category:British avant-garde and experimental films Category:Drawn-on-film animated films Category:Animated films without speech Category:Cuban music Category:Films directed by Len Lye Category:GPO Film Unit films Category:British musical films Category:1935 musical films Category:1930s British films
60714144	A Aurora do Lima	A Aurora do Lima is a Portuguese language newspaper founded on December 15, 1855.It is one of the oldest newspapers in Portugal. ==References== == External links == * Official Aurora do Lima Website Category:Newspapers established in 1855 Category:Portuguese-language newspapers Category:1855 establishments in Portugal
60809789	A Little Coaxing	A Little Coaxing () is an oil painting by the French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau, painted and completed in 1890, and now owned by a private collector. It depicts two barefooted sisters, the older girl sitting on a concrete step and the younger sister giving her a kiss on the cheek. ==References== Category:Paintings by William-Adolphe Bouguereau Category:1890 paintings Category:Portraits of women Category:Children in art Category:Allegorical paintings by French artists Category:19th-century allegorical paintings
60809985	A Little Game	A Little Game may refer to: * A Little Game (1971 film) * A Little Game (2014 film)
60836787	A Bundle of Asparagus	thumb|300px|A Bundle of Asparagus (1880) by Édouard Manet A Bundle of Asparagus or A Bunch of Asparagus (Une botte d'asperges, La botte d'asperges or Botte d'asperges) is an 1880 painting by Édouard Manet. It was commissioned by the art collector Charles Ephrussi for 800 francs. On receiving the work he gave the artist 1,000 francs instead and so Manet decided to paint a smaller second work, now known as A Sprig of Asparagus. He sent this second work to Ephrussi with a note reading, "There was one [sprig] missing in your bundle".Françoise Cachin, Charles S. Moffett and Juliet Wilson-Bareau, Manet 1832-1883 : Galeries nationales du Grand Palais, Paris, 22 April-1 August 1983, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, 10 September - 27 November 1983, New York, The Metropolitan museum of art, 1983, 544 p. (), p. 451 (catalogue no 188) == Image description == Manet's Bunch of Asparagus shows a motif based on traditional still life painting. In the center of the picture lies a bunch of white asparagus stalks in the bright light. The view goes from the side to the bunch of asparagus, whose violet tips are aligned to the right edge of the picture. It is held together by two thin willow rods that were used to transport the vegetables.Gert von der Osten: Manet, S. 7. The bunch of asparagus lies on a base of green leaves that reach from the left side to the lower right corner of the picture. Manet's biographer Théodore Duret speaks of a "lit d'herbes vertes" (bed of green leaves).Théodore Duret: Histoire d’Édouard Manet et de son oeuvre, S. 261. For the art historian Mikael Wivel, Manet presented the asparagus in the same way a greengrocer would display his goods.„The bunch lies there just as the greengrocer would have displayed it on his counter“ in Mikael Wivel: Manet, S. 140. A bluish-white background can be seen at the bottom left and in the middle of the right edge of the picture, which could be a tableclothGotthard Jedlicka spricht von einem „weißen, bläulich durchschimmerten Wachstuch“ und von einem „Tischtuch“ in Gotthard Jedlicka: Manet, S. 199. Danach bezeichnet er den Untergrund als „Tischdecke“ oder generell als „Küchentisch“ in Gotthard Jedlicka: Manet, S. 200. or a light marble slab.Juliet Wilson-Bareau hat auf eine „Marmorfläche, die immer wieder in seinen späten Stilleben auftaucht“ hingewiesen, siehe Juliet Wilson- Bareau: Manet: Auf Anhieb malen, was man sieht in Brigitte Buberl: Cézanne, Manet, Schuch; drei Wege zur autonomen Kunst, S. 122. Solch ein Tisch ist beispielsweise in den Gemälden Rosen und Tulpen in einer Vase, Rosen in einer Glasvase und Der Fliederstrauß zu sehen. Von Manets Besucher George Moore ist überliefert, dass „a marble table on iron supports, such as one sees in cafe’s“ (ein Marmortisch mit Eisenfüßen, in der Art, wie man ihn in Caféhäusern sehen kann) in seinem Atelier stand, siehe George Moore: Modern painting, S. 31. The signature 'Manet' can be found on the lower left of this light background. The upper half of the picture is occupied by a black-brown background in which "the colors are velvety intertwined", as the author Gotthard Jedlicka states.Gotthard Jedlicka: Manet, S. 200. In this composition, the green leaves and purple asparagus tips have the difficult task of contrastingly separating the asparagus spears from the background, both of which are executed in a similar color scheme.Manuela B. Mena Marqués hat in Bezug auf das Gemälde mit der einzelnen Spargelstange darauf hingewiesen, wie schwierig es sei, den Spargel zu malen, wenn der Untergrund die gleiche Farbgebung hat: „Asparagus is perhaps the most difficult of all the studies he produced during those months; the yellowish white vegetable lies on a table of the same colour“. Englischsprachiger Katalogtext aus Manuela B. Mena Marqués: Manet en el Prado, S. 485. Gotthard Jedlicka sees a connection to the colors of the background in the dark willow branches. For him, there is also a first impression in which the asparagus spears appear yellow and the tips appear purple. On closer inspection, however, they are "painted with an indescribable richness of color tones." Jedlicka sees other color nuances in the yellow of the asparagus spears, such as blue, white, rosy and violet tones, and in the tips he recognizes red, blue, green, yellow and other colors, with each tip being painted individually. For Jedlicka, Manet's brushwork ranges from "broad and impasto application to the finest drawing in lines and dots". The museum director Gert von der Osten emphasizes that Manet's still life was "painted quite openly impressionist with ingenious accuracy". Manet's style of painting in this picture was examined in detail by employees of the Wallraf-Richartz-Museum & Fondation Corboud in Cologne in 2008 on the occasion of the exhibition Impressionism: How the light came to the canvas. When viewing the work in transmitted light, in which the painting is illuminated from behind, it could be proven that Manet applied the brown color of the background thinly to the gray primed canvas in an “old masterly” manner. He worked with a flat brush and left out the area of the asparagus spears. When looking at the painting with the help of a microscope, the painting style in the area of the asparagus was also analyzed. Here Manet worked with a narrow brush and placed the lines next to each other and crossed them. In contrast to traditional painting, he did not carefully mix the colors on the palette, but only directly on the canvas. The impression of the fleeting style of painting is further reinforced by the sometimes impasto application of the paint. The "colors painted wet on wet" indicate that Manet probably created the painting in "a single working session".Iris Schäfer, Caroline von Saint-George, Katja Lewerentz: Impressionismus: Wie das Licht auf die Leinwand kam, S. 127. ==See also== * List of paintings by Édouard Manet ==References== Category:Still life paintings Category:1880 paintings Category:Paintings by Édouard Manet Category:Collections of the Wallraf–Richartz Museum Category:Asparagus
61041026	A Dona do Pedaço	A Dona do Pedaço (English title: Sweet Diva) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Globo. It premiered on 20 May 2019, replacing O Sétimo Guardião, and ended on 22 November 2019, replaced by Amor de Mãe. It was written by Walcyr Carrasco, with the collaboration of Márcio Haiduck, Nelson Nadotti and Vinícius Vianna; with the direction of André Barros, Bernardo Sá, Bruno Martins Moraes, Caetano Caruso and Vicente Kubrusly, general direction of Luciano Sabino and artistic direction of Amora Mautner. It stars Juliana Paes, Marcos Palmeira, Agatha Moreira, Paolla Oliveira, Nathalia Dill, Sérgio Guizé, Caio Castro and Reynaldo Gianecchini in the main roles, with special participation of Fernanda Montenegro. == Plot == In 1999, in the fictional city of Rio Vermelho, the families of vigilantes Ramirez and Matheus lived in war for generations until Maria da Paz (Juliana Paes) and Amadeu (Marcos Palmeira) fell in love and sealed a peace agreement between them. On the wedding day, however, Amadeu is mysteriously shot and the war is restarted, causing Maria to flee to São Paulo without knowing that she is pregnant. The mothers of both clans, concerned for their children, make a deal and lie to the families that both Maria and Amadeu are dead, but in revenge Amadeu's father orders Maria's nieces to be murdered. Both girls end up miraculously saving themselves: Fabiana ends up in a convent and Virginia lives on the streets until she is adopted by the rich couple Beatriz (Natália do Vale) and Otávio (José de Abreu). Twenty years later, Maria becomes a successful baking entrepreneur thanks to family recipes, although she never gets along with her daughter, Josiane (Agatha Moreira), who criticizes her behavior and appearance. Josiane knows that she needs her mother to achieve the social projection she needs to become an influencer, and devises a plan with the help of Régis (Reynaldo Gianecchini). Maria reunites with Amadeu and discovers the lie that separated them, but they are prevented from resuming their romance when his wife, Gilda (Heloísa Jorge), becomes seriously ill. Devastated, Maria marries Régis, without imagining that he is her daughter's partner in the plan to get her hands on her entire fortune. Meanwhile Maria's nieces took different paths: Vivi (Paolla Oliveira) became famous on the internet for her charisma, being everything Josiane always dreamed of, and lives an overwhelming romance with Chiclete (Sérgio Guizé) without knowing that he is a hitman sent to execute her, although he also loves her. Fabiana (Nathalia Dill), on the other hand, spent a miserable life in the convent and, upon discovering that Vivi is her sister, decides to ruin her life, nourished by the hatred of the different life opportunities they had. In addition, Fabiana also begins to threaten Otávio and Josiane by discovering their secrets. == Cast == * Juliana Paes as Maria da Paz Sobral Ramirez * Marcos Palmeira as Amadeu da Penha Matheus * Agatha Moreira as Josiane "Jô" Sobral Ramirez Matheus * Reynaldo Gianecchini as Régis Mantovani * Paolla Oliveira as Virgínia Sobral Ramirez / Virgínia Guedes "Vivi" * Nathalia Dill as Fabiana Sobral Ramirez / Fabiana do Rosário * Sérgio Guizé as Ricardo Martins Ramirez "Chiclete" * Caio Castro as Rock Souza Macondo * Malvino Salvador as Agno Aguiar * Deborah Evelyn as Lyris Mantovani Aguiar * Heloísa Jorge as Gilda Cunha Matheus * Lee Taylor as Camilo D'ávila Muniz * Monica Iozzi as Kim Ventura * Anderson Di Rizzi as Márcio Sorrentino * Lucy Ramos as Sílvia Cunha * Rainer Cadete as Teodoro "Téo" Pacheco * Marco Nanini as Eusébio Macondo / Eustáquio Macondo Júnior * Rosi Campos as Dorotéia de Souza Macondo "Dodô" * Natália do Vale as Beatriz Andrade Guedes * José de Abreu as Otávio Guedes * Betty Faria as Cornélia Macondo Ferreira * Tonico Pereira as João Francisco Ferreira "Chico" * Suely Franco as Marlene da Conceição Valadares * Nívea Maria as Evelina Sobral Ramirez * Ary Fontoura as Antero Valadares * Guilherme Leicam as Leandro Ramirez Martins "Mão Santa" * Rafael Queiroz as Rael Matheus * Nathalia Timberg as Gladys Mantovani * Rosamaria Murtinho as Linda Andrade * Rosane Gofman as Ellen da Rocha * Glamour Garcia as Rarisson Souza Macondo / Britney Souza Macondo * Pedro Carvalho as Abel da Gama Ferronha * Bruno Bevan as José Hélio de Souza Macondo "Zé Hélio" * Carol Garcia as Sabrina de Souza * Mel Maia as Cássia Mantovani Aguiar * João Gabriel D'Aleluia as Carlito Cunha Matheus * Cadu Libonati as Raul Pacheco "Merlin" * Branca Previliato as Priscila de Albuquerque "Pri" * Betto Marques as Antonio "Tonho" Ribeiro * Osvaldo Mil as Cosme Pereira * Duio Botta as Jardel * Mariano Junior as Sávio * Duda Nagle as Paulo Roberto Vidigal * Bruna Hamú as Joana Fernandes * Catarina de Carvalho as Alba * Felipe Titto as Abdias * Gláucio Gomes as Nicolas * Thiago Thomé as Adriano * Fernando Zili as André * Pablo Titto as Tico * Luciana Fernandes as Jeniffer * Jardel Camelo as Beto * Bruno Barboza as Eurico * Samira Lochter as Sueli * Chan Suan as Naomi * Dani Guimarães as Lígia ===Guest stars=== * Fernanda Montenegro as Dulce Ramirez * Maeve Jinkings as Zenaide Sobral Ramirez * Dionísio Neto as Hélcio Ramirez * Genézio de Barros as Ademir Ramirez * Luiz Carlos Vasconcelos as Miroel Matheus * Jussara Freire as Nilda Matheus * Álamo Facó as Vicente da Penha Matheus * Áurea Maranhão as Ticiana da Penha Matheus * Ismael Caneppele as Murilo Matheus * Cesar Ferrario as Adão Ramirez Martins * Maria Sílvia Radomille as Berenice Ramirez Martins * Berta Loran as Dinorá * Fernando Eiras as Padre Elias * Regina Sampaio as Madre Maria * Cynthia Senek as Edilene Pereira * Gretchen as Gina * Emilio Moreira as Aírton Ramirez * Ana Barroso as Josiane Ramirez * Patrícia Palhares as Irmã Fátima * Mirella Sabarense as Child Maria da Paz * Malu Fernandes as Child Zenaide * Victor Aguiar as Young Hélcio * Duda Batista as Child Virgínia * Maria Clara Baldon as Child Fabiana * Bernardo Amil as Child Júnior * Luiz Felipe Melo as Child Chiclete * Mari Cardoso as Child Josiane * Luiz Eduardo Toledo as Young Rael * Leo Scarpa as Child Rock * Flávio Bisneto as Child Zé Hélio * Theo Almeida as Child Rarisson * Alice Jardim as Child Sabrina * Fátima Bernardes as Herself * Dudu Bertholini as Himself * Camila Coutinho as Herself * Ana Furtado as Gerusa == Production == The main inspiration for Walcyr was the telenovela Vale Tudo, written by Gilberto Braga, Aguinaldo Silva and Leonor Bassères in 1988, from where he used the story of the bad-natured daughter who steals from her own mother to try to rise socially in Rio de Janeiro. Another reference was the book Mildred Pierce, written by James Cain in 1941, which tells the story of a mother who suffers with her rebellious daughter. The story of the impossible love between Juliana Paes and Marcos Palmeira and the rivalry between the family was inspired by the tragedy of Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. In November 2018, Walcyr Carrasco and Amora Mautner traveled to the interior of Espírito Santo to choose where filming would take place, but the leadership gave up using the state without explanation. Although the fictional city of Rio Vermelho is located in the interior of Espírito Santo, filming was done in Rio Grande do Sul, using the cities of Jaguarão, Nova Esperança do Sul, São Gabriel and Jaguari as scenery. Originally the telenovela was titled called Dias Felizes, but it was later changed to A Dona do Pedaço (literal translation The Owner of the Piece), to express the struggle for a better life for the main character. Filming of the first phase of the telenovela began on 27 February 2019 and, on 15 March 2019, filming of the second phase began at Estúdios Globo in Rio de Janeiro. === Cast selection === Juliana Paes, Paolla Oliveira and Reynaldo Gianecchini were reserved for the main roles of the telenovela in October 2018. Bianca Bin was invited to play the antagonist Josiane, repeating the partnership with the author of O Outro Lado do Paraíso, however the actress could only be present in two days of recording per week, and was replaced by actress Agatha Moreira. Invited to play Silvia, Sheron Menezzes preferred to be part of the cast of the telenovela Bom Sucesso, being replaced by Lucy Ramos. Vera Holtz was cast in the role of Dorothea, but the actress was relocated to star in the series Eu, Vó e a Boi after the departure of Susana Vieira, and was replaced by actress Rosi Campos. Laura Cardoso was announced in the cast in December 2018 and even gave interviews giving details about the character, however, she was replaced by Betty Faria shortly before filming began, since the management feared that the actress's health instability would hamper the progress of the plot. Later, Laura entered the final episodes of the telenovela in the role of Matilde. Marieta Severo refused the role of Beatriz so she could star in the series Filhas da Eva and was replaced by Natália do Vale. Marina Moschen and Bella Piero were considered to play Joana, but Bruna Hamú ended up being cast for the character. Carol Marra auditioned to play Britney, but lost the role for not fitting the ideal profile, Glamour Garcia stayed with the character. Juliano Cazarré was invited to play the character Rael, but he was already booked to work on Amor de Mãe. Rafael Queiroz took the role. == Reception == === Ratings === Season Timeslot (BRT/AMT) Episodes First aired Last aired viewers (points) Date Viewers (in points) Date Viewers (in points) 1 MonSat 9:15 p.m. 161 32.5 44.3 35.9 ===Review=== Despite the good audience, the telenovela was criticized several times for underestimating the public's intelligence. The Notícias da TV website evaluated the telenovela with a negative critique: "A Dona do Pedaço enshrines prime-time mediocrity (...) Doubtful plots and incoherent characters have already become common in Globo's 9 pm telenovelas, just as the name of Walcyr Carrasco was already synonymous with good comedies, in the times of O Cravo e a Rosa (2000) and Chocolate com Pimenta (2003). The rural and unpretentious scripts were a success. The change of the author to prime time produced a new type of recognition: he even gets an audience, but his quality has not existed for some time. ==Soundtrack== ===Volume 1=== A Dona do Pedaço: Vol. 1 is the first soundtrack of the telenovela, released on 2 June 2019 by Som Livre. ===Volume 2=== A Dona do Pedaço: Vol. 2 is the second soundtrack of the telenovela, released on 20 June 2019 by Som Livre. ===Other songs === *"Bad Guy" by Billie Eilish *"Cadê o Amor?" by Paolo feat. Kell Smith *"California Dreaming" by Bobby Womack *"Conga, Conga, Conga" by Gretchen *"Freak Le Boom Boom" by Gretchen *"Let Me Down Slowly" by Alec Benjamin *"Melô do Piripipi (Je Suis La Femme)" by Gretchen *"O'Death" – Jen Titus *"Reunion" by Bobbie Gentry *"Véu" by Eduardo Queiroz == Awards and nominations == Year Award Category Nominated Result Ref. 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Telenovela Actress Juliana Paes 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Telenovela Actor Reynaldo Gianecchini 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Supporting Actress Agatha Moreira 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Supporting Actress Paolla Oliveira 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Supporting Actor Malvino Salvador 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Supporting Actor Sergio Guizé 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Revelation Actress Carol Garcia 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Revelation Actress Glamour Garcia 2019 Melhores do Ano Best Revelation Actor Rafael Queiroz 2019 Melhores do Ano NaTelinha Best Novela 2019 Melhores do Ano NaTelinha Best Actress Agatha Moreira 2019 Melhores do Ano NaTelinha Best Supporting Actress Fernanda Montenegro 2019 Prêmio F5 Best Telenovela 2019 Prêmio F5 Best Telenovela Actress Juliana Paes 2019 Prêmio F5 Best Telenovela Actress Paolla Oliveira 2019 Prêmio F5 Best Revelation Glamour Garcia 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Telenovela 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Telenovela Actress Juliana Paes 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Supporting Actor Lee Taylor 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Supporting Actor Sérgio Guizé 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Supporting Actress Agatha Moreira 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Supporting Actress Paolla Oliveira 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online TV Revelation Carol Garcia 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online TV Revelation Glamour Garcia 2019 Prêmio Contigo! Online Best Romantic Couple Paolla Oliveira & Sérgio Guizé == References == == External links == * * Category:Telenovelas by Walcyr Carrasco Category:2019 telenovelas Category:TV Globo telenovelas Category:2019 Brazilian television series debuts Category:2019 Brazilian television series endings Category:Television shows set in São Paulo Category:Portuguese- language telenovelas Category:Brazilian LGBT-related television shows Category:Gay-related television shows Category:Transgender-related television shows Category:2010s LGBT-related drama television series Category:Confectionery in fiction
61273799	A Broken Doll	A Broken Doll is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Monte Blue, Mary Thurman and Mary Jane Irving.Lombardi p.117 ==Cast== * Monte Blue as Tommy Dawes * Mary Thurman as Harriet Bundy * Mary Jane Irving as Rosemary * Les Bates as Bill Nyall * Lizette Thorne as Mrs. Nyell * Arthur Millett as Sheriff Hugh Bundy * Jack Riley as Knapp Wyant ==References== ==Bibliography== * Frederic Lombardi. Allan Dwan and the Rise and Decline of the Hollywood Studios. McFarland, 2013. ==External links== * Category:1921 films Category:1921 drama films Category:1920s English-language films Category:American silent feature films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Allan Dwan Category:1920s American films
6141063	A Dios le Pido	"A Dios le Pido" (I beg to God) is the lead single from the Spanish studio album Un Día Normal by the Latin music singer and songwriter Juanes, released in 2002 in Spain and Latin America. In 2006, the song was re-released in some countries in Europe, right after the success of "La Camisa Negra", which charted in almost every European country in the top five. It reached number 1 in twelve countries on three different continents. "A Dios le Pido" spent 47 consecutive weeks on the "Hot Latin Tracks" Billboard reaching number 2 (kept out from the number one spot by Chayanne's Y Tú Te Vas and Jennifer Peña's El Dolor de Tu Presencia). This track won the Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Song at the Latin Grammy Awards of 2002, the second year in a row for the singer. The song is an anthem asking God to bless and protect the singer's family, future children, and close friends. It quickly became a hymn for peace through all of Latin America, particularly because of the line "a Dios le pido que mi pueblo no derrame tanta sangre y se levante mi gente," – ("I ask God: may my country not shed so much blood and may my people rise up"). ==Track listings== Digital download (Surco/1 September 2003) #"A Dios le Pido" – 3:27 #"A Dios le Pido" [Acoustic Version] – 3:30 #"Fijate bien" [Original Version] – 4:50 #"Nada" [Acoustic Version] – 3:55 Mexican CD single (Universal/2002) #"A Dios le Pido" [Original Version] – 3:26 #"A Dios le Pido" [Acoustic Version] – 3:28 EU CD single (Surco/8 September 2003) #"A Dios le Pido" [Original Version] – 3:26 #"A Dios le Pido" [Acoustic Version] – 3:28 EU CD single (Universal/7 April 2006) #"A Dios le Pido" [Album Version] – 3:25 #"A Dios le Pido" [Full Phatt Remix] – 3:40 French CD single (Universal/3 April 2006) #"A Dios le Pido" – 3:25 #"La Camisa Negra" – 3:34 EU maxi single (Universal/7 April 2006) #"A Dios le Pido" [Album Version] – 3:25 #"A Dios le Pido" [Full Phatt Remix] – 3:40 #"Un Día Normal" [Album Version] – 3:53 ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2002–06) Peak position Mexico Pop (Monitor Latino) 7 Romania (Romanian Top 100)Romanian Top 100 singles charts Romanian music charts. Retrieved 7 January 2019. 3 US Tropical Songs (Billboard) 1 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2003) Position Netherlands (Dutch Top 40) 79 Netherlands (Single Top 100) 67 Chart (2006) Position Austria (Ö3 Austria Top 40) 68 Belgium (Ultratop Wallonia) 68 CIS (Tophit) 22 Hungary (Rádiós Top 40) 8 Switzerland (Schweizer Hitparade) 27 == Certifications == ==References== Category:Juanes songs Category:2002 singles Category:2003 singles Category:2006 singles Category:Spanish-language songs Category:Christian songs Category:Songs written by Juanes Category:Number-one singles in Spain Category:Song recordings produced by Gustavo Santaolalla Category:2002 songs Category:Universal Music Latino singles Category:Latin Grammy Award for Best Rock Song
61654087	A Houseful of Love	thumb A Houseful of Love is a novel by Marjorie Housepian Dobkin, published in 1957 by Random House, that tells the story of an extended family of Armenian- Americans in 1929. It was a New York Timeshttp://studyofgenocide.org/wp- content/uploads/2015/04/isg_48.pdf (pdf of the Bulletin of the Institute for the Study of Genocide, p. 6) and New York Herald Tribune bestseller and was translated into several languages. The unnamed narrator (like the author) was born in New York City as the daughter of Armenian refugees from Ottoman persecution, and like the author's father (Dr. Moses Housepian), the narrator's father was the primary physician to the Armenian community in New York at the time. The family's story in New York in 1929 is told in parallel with that in the Ottoman Empire a generation earlier as well as with that of a cousin called Levon Dai. Although Levon Dai himself is absent from the direct action of the novel, family members often tell each other episodes from his life: how he fled Ottoman Turkey (whose government had assassinated his father), arrived in the US in 1919, and settled soon after in Council Bluffs, Iowa, where he became a wealthy businessman; however, his relatives still pity him because he lives in a place where he is the only Armenian. == International and Reader's Digest editions == A British edition was published by Victor Gollancz Ltd, and the book was translated into German (in an Austrian edition) as Ein Haus voll LiebeCopyright registration: https://books.google.com/books?id=MR4hAQAAIAAJ&pg;=PA1235&lpg;=PA1235 and into Norwegian as Et hus fullt av kjærlighet.https://www.pepita- bokmarked.no/pdf/tilbudsliste135.pdf (pdf, see page 24) Reader's Digest published abridged versions in English, Italian, German, and Japanese. == References == Category:1957 novels
61798696	A Day Off	A Day Off () is a South Korean drama film directed by Lee Man-hee. Shot and completed in 1968 but not released due to censorship, it opened to the public in 2005, 37 years later, after the original print was rediscovered during the reorganization of the Korean Film Archive's warehouse. Regarded as one of the masterpieces of 1960s Korean film and its representative modernist film, A Day Off was selected near the top of the top 100 Korean films list in 2014. ==Plot== One winter Sunday, a penniless young man named Huh Wook (Shin Seong- il) sets off to meet his beloved Ji-yeon (Ji Yun-seong). Unable to start a family, Ji-yeon, who is pregnant, needs an abortion. ==Cast== * Shin Seong-il as Huh Wook * Ji Yun-seong as Ji-yeon ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2005 films Category:2000s Korean-language films Category:Films directed by Lee Man-hee (director) Category:South Korean drama films Category:2005 drama films Category:2000s South Korean films
61899060	A Dawn to Fear	A Dawn to Fear is the seventh studio album by Swedish post-metal band Cult of Luna. It is the band's first studio album since Vertikal (2013) and first new material since Mariner (2016), their collaborative album with Julie Christmas. The album was released on September 20, 2019 through Metal Blade Records. Due to its length, most physical editions are released in two CDs. ==Promotion== To promote the album, Cult of Luna released the song "The Silent Man" prior to the release of A Dawn to Fear. In support of A Dawn to Fear, Cult of Luna embarked on a 2020 tour through North America, co-headlined with Emma Ruth Rundle and Intronaut. ==Reception== The album was generally well received critically. At Exclaim!, Mark Tremblay wrote an unrated review for this album saying, "A Dawn to Fear rewards its patient listeners with that they want, bringing enough familiarity but offering enough new ideas sonically that there's no risk of falling into pure nostalgia — and satisfying longtime fans of the band at the same time." ==Track listing== Most CD editions are released in two discs, each containing four tracks. ==Personnel== ;Band members * Thomas Hedlund – drums and percussion * Andreas Johansson – bass * Fredrik Kihlberg – guitar and vocals * Magnus Lindberg – guitar, drums and engineering * Johannes Persson – guitar and vocals * Kristian Karlsson – keyboards, vocals and engineering ;Additional personnel * Erik Olofsson – artwork and graphic design * Henrik Oja – additional engineering * Daniel Berglund – additional engineering * Hugo Sundkvist – design and photography * Alexis Sevenier – photography == Charts == Chart (2016) Peak position ==References== Category:Cult of Luna albums Category:2019 albums Category:Metal Blade Records albums
62108254	A Certain Scientific Railgun T	The third season of the Japanese animated television series A Certain Scientific Railgun, based on the manga of the same name, follows Mikoto Misaka teaming up with Misaki Shokuhō to stop the plans of Academy City's dark side during Daihasei Festival. The season, known as A Certain Scientific Railgun T, was produced by J.C.Staff and directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai from a series composition written by Shogo Yasukawa. Rina Satō, Satomi Arai, Aki Toyosaki, and Kanae Itō reprise their roles from the previous two seasons of A Certain Scientific Railgun. Azumi Asakura joins them as Shokuhō, whom she also voiced in the first and final episodes of A Certain Scientific Railgun S. Production of the third season was announced in October 2018, with Nagai returning as the director. Yasukawa was confirmed as the series composition writer in September 2019. A Certain Scientific Railgun T began airing in Japan on January 10, 2020, and consists of twenty-five episodes. Several episodes got delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which caused the season to conclude on September 25, 2020, instead of June as was originally scheduled. __TOC__ ==Episode list== ==Cast and characters== ===Main=== ===Recurring=== ==Production== ===Development and writing=== During the Dengeki Bunko 25th Anniversary Fall Dengeki Festival event in October 2018, an untitled third season of A Certain Scientific Railgun television series was announced, with Tatsuyuki Nagai confirming his return to direct at J.C.Staff. Kazuma Kamachi, the creator of A Certain Magical Index series, and light novel editor Kazuma Miki revealed in November 2018 that the series was slated to be released in 2019 along with A Certain Scientific Accelerator television series, but it was delayed to January 2020. In September 2019, staff members from the previous season were confirmed to be returning for the series, including character animation designer Yuichi Tanaka, art director Kentaro Izumi, and cinematographer Shingo Fukuyo, with Shogo Yasukawa handling the series composition. The title of the series was revealed in the same month to be A Certain Scientific Railgun T. The series' premiere date was revealed in November 2019 to be on January 10, 2020, and it would consist of twenty-five episodes. The Daihasei Festival story arc from A Certain Scientific Railgun manga series were adapted into the first half of the series, while the sixteenth episode onwards were based on the Dream Ranker arc. ===Casting=== With the announcement of a third season in October 2018, Rina Satō, Satomi Arai, Aki Toyosaki, Kanae Itō, and Azumi Asakura were also confirmed to reprise their respective roles as Mikoto Misaka, Kuroko Shirai, Kazari Uiharu, Ruiko Saten, and Misaki Shokuhō. Additional cast were confirmed in December 2019, including Kengo Kawanishi as Gunha Sogīta and Miyu Tomita as Mitori Kōzaku. In February 2020, Konomi Kohara joined the cast as Dolly, as did Atsumi Tanezaki in April as Ryōko Kuriba / Doppelganger. ===Music=== Maiko Iuchi returned to compose A Certain Scientific Railgun T. From episodes 1 to 15, the opening theme music is "Final Phase" by fripSide, while the ending theme music is "Nameless Story" by Kishida Kyoudan & The Akeboshi Rockets. From episode 16 onwards, the opening theme music is "Dual Existence" by fripSide, while the ending theme music is by sajou no hana. ==Marketing== A full promotional video for A Certain Scientific Railgun T was released in December 2019. The series had the Daihaseisai guidebook and Mikoto Style booklet, which were given for free at the 97th Comiket. EJ Anime Hotel in Tokorozawa used the series as a theme in one of its rooms, which was opened by October 2020. Promotional partners for the series included Atré and Animate stores in Akihabara. ==Release== ===Broadcast=== A Certain Scientific Railgun T began airing in Japan on AT-X, Tokyo MX, BS11, and MBS on January 10, 2020. ===Home media=== A Certain Scientific Railgun T began simulcasting on the Japanese streaming website AbemaTV on January 10, 2020. The series was also streamed on Crunchyroll and Funimation. Hulu released the series in Japan on March 24, 2022. NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan released the first Blu-ray and DVD volumes of the series on April 30, 2020, and the eighth and final volumes on December 25. They contain a bonus novel written by Kamachi titled A Certain Magical Index SS: Agnese's Magic Side Work Experience, while the first and fifth volumes contain the fifth and sixth episodes of the original video animation . A bonus two-track drama CD could be received when all eight volumes were purchased on Amazon Japan. Funimation released the first volume set in North America on March 2, 2021, while the second volume set was released on June 29. ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * * Category:A Certain Magical Index episode lists Category:A Certain Magical Index Certain Scientific Railgun T, A Certain Scientific Railgun T, A Certain Scientific Railgun T, A
62485656	A Calf for Christmas	A Calf for Christmas (original title: När Bäckhultarn for till stan) is a children's book by Astrid Lindgren. == Plot == Johann is sad because Embla, the cow of his family, has died. It was the only cow that the family had. Soon it will be Christmas, but without the cow and its milk, it is going to be a very sad one. Meanwhile, a rich farmer buys a calf in the town. Afterwards, he goes into a pub and gets drunk. On his way back to the farm, he falls asleep on the carriage. But his horse keeps running, it knows the way back. When the farmer wakes up, he hears a loud roar of the calf. He believes it is the devil and throws the calf out of the carriage. Then he continues his way home. Johann discovers the calf in the snow and he is overjoyed. He believes that god has sent him this Christmas present and he can keep the calf, but his father says it may belong to someone and wants to find out to whom. Johann and his father find out that the calf belongs to the rich farmer and visit him. The farmer realizes how important the calf is to Johann. That's why he gives the calf to Johann. In return, Johann and his father should not tell how they got the calf. Johann is happy, this is a wonderful Christmas present. == Background == A Calf for Christmas was based on a story that Astrid Lindgren was told by her father Samuel August Ericsson. Once he told Astrid Lindgren of a drunken barkeeper from Frödinge, who bought a calf from his brother. Ericsson helped the barkeeper to put the calf into a bag so the barkeeper was able to take it home with him on his carriage. Afterwards the barkeeper went to the pub and drank. On his way back, he did not remember buying a calf. When he suddenly heard a terrible roar from the calf, he believed that this was the devil and threw the calf off the wagon. This story was later told throughout the village. When Ericsson met the barkeeper again, he asked him mockingly, what had become of the calf. The barkeeper sensed that Ericsson knew about the story. He replied that this calf had made a long journey.Catharina Stackelberg: Astrid Lindgren erzählt aus ihrem Leben (Astrid Lindgrens Småland). (film) In: 100 Jahre Astrid Lindgren Jubiläumsedition. DVD. Universum Film. In Sweden, the story was first published in 1951 as När Bäckhultarn for till stan in the book En bil kommer lastad. Within the first month, the book had already sold more than 30,000 times. The book has been translated into many languages, among them are English, German and Dutch. English Edition has been illustrated by Marit Törnqvist. == Reception == The German child and adolescent psychiatrist Michael Schulte-Markwort believes A Calf for Christmas is one of the most beautiful stories for bereaved counsel and comfort. It could help readers or listeners to cope with the strokes of fate.Michael Schulte-Markwort (2017): Kindersorgen: Was unsere Kinder belastet und wie wir ihnen helfen können. P. 16 Kirkus Reviews praises the well-told story. It is a mix of satire and sober realism. The watercolors by Marit Törnqvist are beautiful and "a fine complement to this unusual glimpse of rural Sweden at the turn of the century". Natalia Bragaru believes that A Calf for Christmas, like all Astrid Lindgren's books, has "multiple layers". It provides information about the harsh realities of the daily life on a farm in Sweden, telling of the gap between the poor and the rich, the traditions of the farmers, as well as of love, hope and the belief in miracles. ==See also== * List of Christmas-themed literature ==References== Category:Swedish children's literature Category:1950 children's books Category:Christmas children's books Category:20th-century Swedish literature Category:Works by Astrid Lindgren Category:Rabén & Sjögren books
6249796	A Brush with Fame	A Brush with Fame is a British lifestyle game show that aired on ITV from 10 October to 4 November 2005 and hosted by Carol Smillie. ==Background== The programme series was initially piloted by Granada Television using the name Celebrity Face Paint. ==Format== The series took place in each of nine UK regions involving 900 contestants. One hundred people in each of the regions were given half an hour to produce a self-portrait using materials supplied by the programmers. Then, while the artists took a break, Carol and the two judges, Christian Furr and David Lee looked at the painted pictures and chose twenty five people to go into the next round and paint a celebrity guest. The artists could then use their own materials and any medium. Out of the 25, the judges then chose 10 who would go on to the next round and paint a second celebrity. Out of the 10, one finalist was selected and also one wild card show contestant who would compete with 8 others from the other regions in a wild card show for the chance to join the nine finalists in London. The final challenged the ten finalists to paint a portrait of Coronation Street actor Malcolm Hebden, who was dressed as a clown. The winner received a cheque for £10,000 and also the opportunity to turn professional, with the offer of a deal with leading art publisher, Washington Green. ==References== ==External links== * Category:2005 British television series debuts Category:2005 British television series endings Category:ITV (TV network) original programming Category:Television series by ITV Studios
62540737	A Aravinddaraj	A Aravinddaraj (born 9 June 1996) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut for Pondicherry in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 February 2019. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Pondicherry in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1996 births Category:Living people Category:Indian cricketers Category:Pondicherry cricketers Category:Place of birth missing (living people)
62612410	A Cloud Guru	A Cloud Guru is an online training platform for people interested in Information Technology. Most of the courses offered prepare students to take certification exams for the three major cloud providers (Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, and Amazon Web Services). ==History== In , Ant Stanley and Ryan Kroonenburg established the company in London, United Kingdom. They built the online training provider in four weeks from Ryan's bedroom, with Ryan's brother Sam Kroonenburg joining soon after. In July 2016, Ant Stanley left A Cloud Guru, leaving Melbourne brothers Sam and Ryan to run the business. A Cloud Guru raised $7 million in funding in July 2017, and an additional $33 million in April 2019. On December 16, 2019, it was announced that the company would acquire Linux Academy. The company asserted that the acquisition would make it "the largest cloud computing training library in the world". On June 2, 2021, A Cloud Guru was acquired by Pluralsight in a deal that valued the company at more than $2 billion. ==See also== *Pluralsight ==References== ==External links== *Company site Category:Internet properties established in 2015 Category:Educational technology companies of Australia Category:Virtual learning environments Category:Learning management systems Category:Australian educational websites Category:Companies based in Melbourne Category:Australian companies established in 2015
62701269	A Feast of Snakes	A Feast of Snakes is a novel by Harry Crews. It was published by Atheneum Books in 1976. Many critics consider it to be Crews's best novel. It would be his last for more than a decade. == Summary == The novel is set in Mystic, Georgia in 1975, and primarily follows Joe Lon Mackey, a former high school football star, who now is an alcoholic, abusive husband, and father. Coming up is this year's Rattlesnake Roundup, a time when people come to hunt, kill, and eat snakes in the town. Joe Lon's old high school sweetheart, Berenice has come back to town for the hunt, and their old romance is rekindled. Meanwhile, in Mystic, Buddy Matlow, the local sheriff, is abusing women. One of whom he rapes is Lottie May, a young black woman. Lottie May eventually defends herself from one of these attacks by cutting off Buddy's penis with a straight razor she gets from Joe Lon's insane sister, Beeder. Because of this, Buddy is not around to control the chaos emerging at the Rattlesnake Roundup. Joe Lon eventually starts to lose his sanity amongst the violence in the town. This finally culminates during the Rattlesnake Roundup when he grabs a gun and begins to kill those there, including Berenice, to “be in control again”. Joe Lon is then tossed into a pit of snakes by the people. == Reception == Kirkus Reviews gave the novel a glowing review, writing that "Crews is a true regional writer out of the heart of the redneck rural south and besides the brutality . . . there's the humor, the dynamite dialogue, and the real despair --all tetched with talent." Guy Owen, in The Georgia Review, called it a "surrealistic study of violence and competitiveness in the South." Time magazine thought that it was "full of brilliant descriptions and characters attempting to kick and gouge their way through some back door to salvation." The Virginia Quarterly Review described the paperback edition as "a fierce and funny account of life in Mystic." The Pequod rated the book an 8.5 out of 10.0, saying it has “unforgettable characters, sharp dialogue and real despair. But the scenes are disconnected, and the violence becomes gratuitous — and the result is a handful of excellent set pieces rather than a great novel.” The Quietus also praised the book, saying “the novel’s heart pulsates with violence but the prose is such that the words sing and rise right off the page.” A Feast of Snakes was for a time banned in South Africa. == Background == The Rattlesnake Roundup is based on an actual event held annually in Claxton, Georgia. ==References== Category:1976 American novels Category:Novels set in Georgia (U.S. state) Category:Southern Gothic novels Category:Atheneum Books books
63002694	A Close Call for Ellery Queen	A Close Call for Ellery Queen is a 1942 American mystery film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Eric Taylor and Gertrude Purcell. It is based on the 1939 novel The Dragon's Teeth: A Problem in Deduction by Ellery Queen. The film stars William Gargan, Margaret Lindsay, Charley Grapewin, Ralph Morgan, Kay Linaker, Edward Norris and James Burke. The film was released on January 29, 1942, by Columbia Pictures. ==Plot== ==Cast== *William Gargan as Ellery Queen *Margaret Lindsay as Nikki Porter *Charley Grapewin as Inspector Queen *Ralph Morgan as Alan Rogers *Kay Linaker as Margo Rogers *Edward Norris as Stewart Cole *James Burke as Sergeant Velle *Addison Richards as Lester Young *Charles Judels as Corday *Andrew Tombes as Bates *Claire Du Brey as Deborah *Micheline Cheirel as Marie Dubois *Ben Welden as Watchman *Milton Parsons as Butler ==References== ==External links== * *https://archive.org/details/close- call-for-ellery-queen-1942 Category:1942 films Category:1940s English-language films Category:American mystery films Category:1942 mystery films Category:Columbia Pictures films Category:Films directed by James Patrick Hogan Category:American black-and-white films Category:1940s American films Category:Ellery Queen films
63016837	A Desperate Chance for Ellery Queen	A Desperate Chance for Ellery Queen is a 1942 American mystery film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Eric Taylor. It is based on the 1940 play A Good Samaritan by Ellery Queen. The film stars William Gargan, Margaret Lindsay, Charley Grapewin, John Litel, Lilian Bond and James Burke. The film was released on May 7, 1942, by Columbia Pictures. ==Plot== While on a business trip to California, Ellery and Nikki get involved with a man who was presumed dead, but is now suspected in embezzlement, money laundering, and murder. They manage to keep one step ahead of both the crooks and the law. ==Cast== *William Gargan as Ellery Queen *Margaret Lindsay as Nikki Porter *Charley Grapewin as Inspector Queen *John Litel as Norman Hadley *Lilian Bond as Adele Belden *James Burke as Sergeant Velie *Jack La Rue as Tommy Gould *Morgan Conway as Ray Stafford *Noel Madison as George Belden *Frank M. Thomas as Capt. H.T. Daley *Charlotte Wynters as Mrs. Irene Evington Hadley ==References== ==External links== * Category:1942 films Category:American mystery films Category:1942 mystery films Category:Columbia Pictures films Category:Films directed by James Patrick Hogan Category:American black-and- white films Category:1940s English-language films Category:1940s American films Category:Ellery Queen films
6325129	A Child of Our Time	A Child of Our Time is a secular oratorio by the British composer Michael Tippett (1905–1998), who also wrote the libretto. Composed between 1939 and 1941, it was first performed at the Adelphi Theatre, London, on 19 March 1944. The work was inspired by events that affected Tippett profoundly: the assassination in 1938 of a German diplomat by a young Jewish refugee, and the Nazi government's reaction in the form of a violent pogrom against its Jewish population: Kristallnacht. Tippett's oratorio deals with these incidents in the context of the experiences of oppressed people generally, and carries a strongly pacifist message of ultimate understanding and reconciliation. The text's recurrent themes of shadow and light reflect the Jungian psychoanalysis which Tippett underwent in the years immediately before writing the work. The oratorio uses a traditional three-part format based on that of Handel's Messiah, and is structured in the manner of Bach's Passions. The work's most original feature is Tippett's use of African-American spirituals, which carry out the role allocated by Bach to chorales. Tippett justified this innovation on the grounds that these songs of oppression possess a universality absent from traditional hymns. A Child of Our Time was well received on its first performance, and has since been performed all over the world in many languages. A number of recorded versions are available, including one conducted by Tippett when he was 86 years old. == Background and conception == thumb|Stamford School (photographed in 2006), where Tippett's musical abilities first became apparent Michael Tippett was born in London in 1905, to well-to-do though unconventional parents. His father, a lawyer and businessman, was a freethinker, his mother a writer and suffragette. He received piano lessons as a child, but first showed his musical prowess while a pupil at Stamford School in Lincolnshire, between 1920 and 1922. Although the school's formal music curriculum was slight, Tippett received private piano tuition from Frances Tinkler, a noted local teacher whose most distinguished pupil had been Malcolm Sargent, himself a former pupil at Stamford. Tippett's chance purchase in a local bookshop of Stanford's book Musical Composition led to his determination to be a composer, and in April 1923 he was accepted as a student at the Royal College of Music (RCM).Kemp, pp. 8–13 Here he studied composition, first under Charles Wood (who died in 1926) and later, less successfully, with Charles Kitson. He also studied conducting, first under Sargent and later under Adrian Boult. He left the RCM in December 1928, but after two years spent unsuccessfully attempting to launch his career as a composer, he returned to the college in 1930 for a further period of study, principally under the professor of counterpoint, R. O. Morris. In the economically depressed 1930s Tippett adopted a strongly left-wing political stance, and became increasingly involved with the unemployed, both through his participation in the North Yorkshire work camps, and as founder of the South London Orchestra made up of out-of-work musicians. He was briefly a member of the British Communist Party in 1935, but his sympathies were essentially Trotskyist, inimical to the Stalinist orientation of his local party, and he soon left.Kemp, p. 31–32 In 1935 he embraced pacifism, but by this time he was becoming overtaken by a range of emotional problems and uncertainties, largely triggered by the break-up of an intense relationship with the painter Wilfred Franks. In addition to these personal difficulties he became anxious that the political situation in Europe was leading inexorably towards war. After meeting the Jungian psychoanalyst John Layard, Tippett underwent a period of therapy which included self-analysis of his dreams.Kemp, pp. 36–37 According to Tippett's biographer Geraint Lewis, the outcome of this process was a "rebirth, confirming for Tippett the nature of his homosexuality while ... strengthening his destiny as a creative artist at the possible expense of personal relationships". The encounter with Layard led Tippett to a lifelong interest in the work and teaching of Carl Jung, an influence carried through into many of his subsequent compositions.Whittall, p. 32 In the mid-to-late 1930s several of Tippett's early works were published, including his String Quartet No. 1, Sonata No. 1 for piano, and Concerto for Double String Orchestra. Among his unpublished output in these years were two works for voice: the ballad opera Robin Hood, written for performance at the Yorkshire work camps, and A Song of Liberty based on William Blake's "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell".Kemp, pp. 498–99 As his self-confidence increased, Tippett felt increasingly driven to write a work of overt political protest. In his search for a subject he first considered the Dublin Easter Rising of 1916: he may have been aware that Benjamin Britten had written incidental music to Montagu Slater's play Easter 1916. However, events towards the end of 1938 turned his attention away from Irish matters.Whittall, p. 71 Tippett had made several visits to Germany, and had acquired a love for its literature and culture. He became increasingly distressed by reports of events in that country and, in particular the persecution of its Jewish population.Steinberg, pp. 284–85 In November 1938 the assassination in Paris of a German diplomat, Ernst vom Rath, by Herschel Grynszpan, a 17-year-old Jewish refugee, precipitated the "Kristallnacht" pogrom across Germany. Over several days of violence synagogues were burned, Jewish homes and businesses attacked and destroyed, thousands of Jews were arrested, and some Jews were stoned or beaten to death.Kemp, pp. 150–51 Reports from Germany of these events affected Tippett profoundly, and became the inspiration for his first large-scale dramatic work. == Creation == === Libretto === Having found his subject, Tippett sought advice on the preparation of the text from T. S. Eliot, whom he had met recently through a mutual friend, Francis Morley.Tippett 1994, pp. 50–51 The musicologist Michael Steinberg comments that, given his anti-Semitism, Eliot may have been an inappropriate choice of collaborator, though Tippett considered the poet his spiritual and artistic mentor, and felt that his counsel would be crucial. Tippett writes: "I plucked up courage and asked him if he would write it. Eliot said he would consider the matter as long as I provided him with a precise scheme of musical sections and an exact indication of the numbers and kinds of words for each stage". When Tippett produced his detailed draft, Eliot advised the composer to write his own libretto, suggesting that his own superior poetry would either distract attention from the music, or otherwise would be "swallowed up by it". Either way, there would be a mismatch. Tippett accepted this advice; henceforth, he records, he always wrote his own texts. Tippett resolved that his work would be an oratorio rather than an opera. He chose the title from , a contemporary protest novel by the Austro-Hungarian writer, Ödön von Horváth. The text that Tippett prepared follows the three-part structure used in Handel's Messiah, in which Part I is prophetic and preparatory, Part II narrative and epic, Part III meditative and metaphysical. In A Child of Our Time the general condition of oppression is defined in the first part, the narrative elements are confined to the second part, while the third part contains interpretation and reflection on a possible healing.Kemp, p. 157 Tippett perceived the work as a general depiction of man's inhumanity to man, and wanted Grynszpan's tragedy to stand for the oppressed everywhere.Golding, Robin (1986). "A Child of Our Time: the darkness declares the glory of light". Notes on recording, Compact Disc CDRPO 7012, RPO Records. To preserve the universality of the work, Tippett avoids all use of proper names for people and places: thus, Paris is "a great city", Grynszpan becomes "the boy", the soprano is "the boy's mother", vom Rath is "the official".Kemp, p. 160 In addition to the broad themes of human oppression, Tippett's personal devastation at the end of his relationship with Wilfred Franks is woven into the libretto. At the time Tippett was writing the text, he was consumed by the break-up with Franks and felt "unable to come to terms with either the wretchedness of the separation or the emotional turmoil it let loose." As Tippett sought healing from his pain, Franks became a prominent figure in his Jungian dream analysis [during the first half of 1939] and the composer explained the image of Franks's shining face "appeared transformed in the alto aria in Part 3 of A Child of Our Time." Commentators have identified numerous works as textual influences, including Eliot's Murder in the Cathedral and Ash Wednesday, Goethe's Faust and Wilfred Owen's poem "The Seed".Gloag, pp. 10–14 Tippett's biographer Ian Kemp equates the ending of the oratorio to the closing pages of Part I of John Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, in which Christian and Hopeful end their journey by crossing a deep and wide river to reach their heavenly home. The influence of Jungian themes is evident in the recurrent images of darkness and light, and the recognition and balancing of opposites.Steinberg, p. 286 In a recent analysis of the work, Richard Rodda finds A Child of Our Time "rooted in the essential dialectic of human life that Tippett so prized in Jung's philosophy—winter/spring, darkness/light, evil/good, reason/pity, dreams/reality, loneliness/fellowship, the man of destiny/the child of our time". === Composition === Tippett completed his Jungian psychoanalysis on 31 August 1939. Three days later, on the day that Britain declared war on Germany, he began composing A Child of Our Time. His grounding in the traditions of European music guided him instinctively towards the Passions of Bach as his basic musical model. Thus the building blocks of the work are familiar: recitatives, arias, choruses and ensembles, with a male soloist acting as a narrator and the chorus as full participants in the action. Tippett also introduced two other formal number types: the operatic scena and the orchestral interlude, the latter allowing time for reflection on significant events.Kemp, p. 168 Tippett wished to punctuate his work with an equivalent to the congregation chorales which recur in Bach's Passions; however, he wanted his work to speak to atheists, agnostics and Jews as well as to Christians. He considered briefly whether folk-songs, or even Jewish hymns, could provide an alternative, but rejected these because he felt that, like the chorales, they lacked universality. A solution was suggested to him when he heard on the radio a rendering of the spiritual "Steal away". In particular he was struck by the power of the words "The trumpet sounds within-a my soul". This led him to recognise spirituals as carrying an emotional significance far beyond their origin as slave songs in 19th-century America and as representing the oppressed everywhere.Kemp, p. 158 Having found his substitute for the chorales, Tippett wrote off to America for a collection of spirituals. When this arrived, "I saw that there was one for every key situation in the oratorio". He chose five: "Steal Away"; "Nobody Knows the Trouble I See, Lord"; "Go Down, Moses"; "O, By and By"; and "Deep River". The first, fourth and fifth of these are placed at the ends of the oratorio's three parts, "Deep River" as the finale expressing, according to Tippett, the hope of a fresh spring after a long, dark winter. Kenneth Gloag, in his detailed analysis of the oratorio, writes: "As well as constructing the pathway through the dramatic narrative, the five spirituals also combine to provide moments of focus and repose ... giving shape to both the musical and literary dimensions of the work".Gloag, pp. 27–30 Tippett felt that the work encapsulated all his current political, moral and psychological preoccupations. == Synopsis and structure == According to Tippett's description, "Part I of the work deals with the general state of oppression in our time. Part II presents the particular story of a young man's attempt to seek justice by violence and the catastrophic consequences; and Part III considers the moral to be drawn, if any."Steinberg, p. 284 He later extended his summary to the following: *Part I: The general state of affairs in the world today as it affects all individuals, minorities, classes or races that are felt to be outside the ruling conventions. Man at odds with his Shadow (i.e. the dark side of personality). *Part II: The "Child of Our Time" appears, enmeshed in the drama of his personal fate and the elemental social forces of our day. The drama is because the forces which drive the young man prove stronger than the good advice of his uncle and aunt, as it always was and always will be. *Part III: The significance of this drama and the possible healing that would come from Man's acceptance of his Shadow in relation to his Light. Part I # Chorus: "The world turns on its dark side" # The Argument (alto solo): "Man has measured the heavens", followed by an orchestral Interludium # Scena (chorus and alto solo): "Is evil then good?" # The Narrator (bass solo): "Now in each nation there were some cast out" # Chorus of the Oppressed: "When shall the usurer's city cease?" # Tenor solo: "I have no money for my bread" # Soprano solo: "How can I cherish my man?" # A Spiritual (chorus and soli): "Steal Away" Part II # * Chorus: "A star rises in midwinter" # The Narrator (bass solo): "And a time came" # Double Chorus of Persecutors and Persecuted: "Away with them!" # The Narrator (bass solo): "Where they could, they fled" # Chorus of the Self-righteous: "We cannot have them in our Empire" # The Narrator (bass solo): "And the boy's mother wrote" # Scena: The Mother (soprano), the Uncle and Aunt (bass and alto), and the Boy (tenor): "O my son!" # A Spiritual (chorus and soli): "Nobody knows the trouble I see" # Scena: Duet (bass and alto): "The boy becomes desperate" # The Narrator (bass solo): "They took a terrible vengeance" # Chorus: The Terror: "Burn down their houses!" # The Narrator (bass solo): "Men were ashamed" # A Spiritual of Anger (chorus and bass solo): "Go down, Moses" # The Boy Sings in his Prison (tenor solo): "My dreams are all shattered" # The Mother (soprano solo): "What have I done to you, my son?" # Alto solo: "The dark forces rise" # A Spiritual (chorus and soprano solo): "O by and by" Part III # * Chorus: "The cold deepens" # Alto solo: "The soul of man" # Scena (bass solo and chorus): "The words of wisdom" # General Ensemble (chorus and soli): "I would know my shadow and my light" # A Spiritual (chorus and soli): "Deep river" == Conscientious objector == After the outbreak of war in September 1939, Tippett joined the Peace Pledge Union—with which he had been informally associated since 1935—and applied for registration as a conscientious objector, although his case was not considered by the tribunal until February 1942. In October 1940 he became director of music at Morley College,Kemp, pp. 40–41 where the previous April he had conducted the South London Orchestra in the premiere of his Concerto for Double String Orchestra.Kemp, p. 499 After completing the composition of A Child of Our Time in 1941, Tippett worked on other projects, feeling that the oratorio's pacifist message was out of touch with the prevailing national mood. Walter Goehr, who conducted the Morley College orchestra, advised delaying its first performance until a more propitious time. In February 1942 Tippett was assigned by the tribunal to non-combative military duties. Following his appeal, this was changed to service either with Air Raid Precautions (ARP), with the fire service or on the land. He felt obliged to refuse these directions, and as a result was sentenced in June 1943 to three months' imprisonment, of which he served two months before his early release for good behaviour. == Performance history and reception == === Premiere === After his release from prison in August 1943, with encouragement from Britten and the youthful music critic John Amis, Tippett began to make arrangements for the oratorio's first performance.Kemp, pp. 52–53 Goehr agreed to conduct, but overrode the composer's initial view that Morley College's orchestra could handle the work and insisted that professionals were needed. Tippett records that "somehow or other the money was scraped together to engage the London Philharmonic Orchestra".Tippett 1994, pp. 156–57 Morley College Choir's choral forces were augmented by the London Regional Civil Defence Choir. Britten's connection with Sadler's Wells Opera brought three soloists to the project: Joan Cross (soprano), Peter Pears (tenor), and Roderick Lloyd (bass). The fourth singer, Margaret MacArthur (alto), came from Morley College.Gloag, p. 89 The premiere was arranged for 19 March 1944, at London's Adelphi Theatre. Before this event Amis introduced the work in an article for the February 1944 issue of The Musical Times, in which he predicted a noteworthy musical occasion: "The general style of the oratorio is simple and direct, and the music will, I think, have an immediate effect on both audience and performers". Later writers would state that A Child of Our Time placed Tippett in the first rank of the composers of his generation, and most of the early reviews were favourable. Among these, The Timess critic called the work "strikingly original in conception and execution", and wrote that Tippett had succeeded quite remarkably in writing an effective tract for the times. A second Times review, written a few days after the premiere, suggested that the oratorio had articulated a key contemporary question: "How is the conflict of the inevitable with the intolerable to be resolved?" It pointed to the hope expressed in the final spiritual, "Deep River", and concluded that despite some weak passages the work created a successful partnership between art and philosophy. William Glock in The Observer was laudatory: "The most moving and important work by an English composer for many years". Glock found that the spirituals suited the themes of the oratorio perfectly, and had been arranged "with a profound sense of beauty". In The Musical Times Edwin Evans praised Tippett's text: "simple and direct ... he has wisely resisted any temptation to use quasi-biblical or 'Pilgrim's Progress' language." Evans was uncertain whether the music was truly reflective of the words: "the emotion seemed singularly cool under the provocations described in the text". Unlike Glock, Evans was unconvinced by the case for the inclusion of the spirituals: "[T]he peculiar poignancy they have in their traditional form tends to evaporate in their new environment". Eric Blom, in Music & Letters, thought the idea of using spirituals "brilliant", and the analogy with Bach's chorales convincing. Blom was less enthusiastic about the text, which he found "very terse and bald – rather poor, really"—though he thought this preferable to the pomposities such as those that characterise libretti written for Handel. In his autobiography, Tippett makes only muted references to the premiere, noting that the event "had some mixed reviews", but in a letter to his friend Francesca Allinson he professed himself delighted with the breadth of response to the work: "It's got over not only to the ordinary listeners but even to the intellectuals like [Mátyás] Seiber, who has written to me of some of the 'lovely texture of some of the numbers'". === Early performances === The generally positive reception of the premiere persuaded Arthur Bliss, then serving as the BBC's director of music, to arrange a broadcast performance of the work. This took place on 10 January 1945 shortly after which, in February, Tippett conducted the work at the Royal Albert Hall.Tippett 1994, pp. 181 and 183 The radio broadcast had been heard by Howard Hartog, a music writer and publisher who just after the war was in Occupied Germany, attempting to re- establish the North German Radio Symphony Orchestra in Hamburg. As part of this endeavour he decided to mount a performance of A Child of Our Time, with Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt conducting. Because of his pacifism and record as a conscientious objector, Tippett was not allowed into the occupied zone and thus missed the performance.Tippett 1994, p. 159 However, in 1947 he was able to travel to Budapest where his friend, the Hungarian composer Mátyás Seiber, had organised a performance by Hungarian Radio. The local singers' problems with the English text meant that the work was sung in Hungarian, which Tippett, who conducted, described as "a very odd experience".Tippett 1994, p. 192 In the early 1950s Tippett attended a performance of the oratorio at the Radio Hall in Brussels, after which members of the audience expressed to him their gratitude for the work which, they said, exactly represented their wartime experiences. In December 1952 he travelled to Turin for a radio performance, conducted by Herbert von Karajan and with operatic stars Elisabeth Schwarzkopf and Nicolai Gedda among the soloists. He records that during the rehearsals the bass soloist, Mario Petri, had problems singing his recitatives, and that despite some coaching from the composer, was still "at sea" during the performance. Karajan asked Tippett if he would object to an extra interval in Part II, to which Tippett replied that he would mind very much. Karajan nevertheless imposed the break, thus presenting a four-part version of the work.Tippett 1994, p. 206 === Wider audience === In May 1962 A Child of Our Time received its Israel premiere in Tel Aviv.Steinberg, p. 287 Tippett says that this performance was delayed because for a while there were local objections to the word "Jesus" in the text. When it came about, among the audience was Herschel Grynszpan's father who, Tippett wrote, was "manifestly touched by the work his son's precipitate action 25 years earlier had inspired."Tippett 1994, pp. 260–61 The performance, by the Kol Yisrael Orchestra with the Tel Aviv Chamber Choir, was acclaimed by the audience of 3000, but received mixed reviews from the press. The Times report noted contrasting opinions from two leading Israeli newspapers. The correspondent for Haaretz had expressed disappointment: "Every tone is unoriginal, and the work repeats old effects in a most conventional manner". Conversely, according to the Times report, HaBoker's critic had "found that the composition had moved everyone to the depths of his soul ... no Jewish composer had ever written anything so sublime on the theme of the Holocaust." Despite its successes in Europe A Child of Our Time did not reach the United States until 1965, when it was performed during the Aspen Music Festival, with the composer present. In his memoirs Tippett mentions another performance on that American tour, at a women's college in Baltimore, in which the male chorus and soloists were black Catholic ordinands from a local seminary.Tippett 1994, pp. 250–52 The first significant American presentations of the work came a decade later: at Cleveland in 1977 where Prince Charles, who was visiting, delayed his departure so that he could attend,Tippett 1994, p. 257 and at Carnegie Hall, New York, where Colin Davis conducted the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Tanglewood Festival Chorus. Reviewing this performance for The New York Times, Donal Henahan was unconvinced that the work's "sincerity and unimpeachable intentions add[ed] up to important music". The spirituals were sung with passion and fervour, but the rest was "reminiscent of a familiar pious sermon" in which the words were only intermittently intelligible. Meanwhile, the work had achieved its African debut, where in 1975 Tippett observed a performance with an improvised orchestra which incorporated the Zambian Police Band. The Zambian president, Kenneth Kaunda, was present, and entertained the composer afterwards.Tippett 1994, p. 244 === Later performances === In October 1999, in the year following Tippett's death, A Child of Our Time received a belated New York Philharmonic premiere, at the Avery Fisher Hall. The New York Times reviewer, Paul Griffiths, expressed some astonishment that this was the orchestra's first attempt at the work. As part of the celebrations for the centenary of the composer's birth in January 2005, English National Opera staged a dramatised performance of the work, directed by Jonathan Kent—coincidentally, the first performance fell in the week of the 60th anniversary of the liberation of the death camps at Auschwitz. Anna Picard, writing in The Independent, recognised the work's sincerity but found the dramatisation of its pacifist message wholly inappropriate: "Do we really need to see a dozen well-fed actors and singers stripped and led into a smoking pit in order to understand the Holocaust?" Anthony Holden in The Observer was more positive, commenting that "If you must stage a work intended for concert performance ... it is hard to imagine a more effective version than Kent's, shot through with heavy symbolism of which Tippett would surely have approved." Nevertheless, Holden found the overall result "super-solemn, lurching between the over-literalistic and the portentous". The 2005 Holocaust Days of Remembrance (1–8 May) were marked at the Kennedy Center in Washington DC by a special performance of A Child of Our time, in which the Washington Chorus was directed by Robert Shafer. The piece was performed at the BBC Proms 2016 on 23 July by the BBC National Orchestra and Chorus of Wales. A Child of Our Time has survived periods of indifference, particularly in America, to be ranked alongside Britten's War Requiem as one of the most frequently performed large-scale choral works of the post-Second World War period. According to Meirion Bowen, Tippett's long-time companion and a champion of his music, the work's particular quality is its universal message, with which audiences all over the world have identified. In his notes accompanying the performance at the 2010 Grant Park Music Festival in Chicago, Richard E. Rodda summarises the work's continuing appeal: "[I]t deals with issues as timeless as civilization itself—man's inhumanity to man, the place of the individual who confronts ruthless power ... the need for learning the lessons of history and for compassion and understanding and honesty and equality in our dealings with each other, whatever our differences may be. Tippett's Child still speaks profoundly to us in our own deeply troubled time". == Music == thumb|left|upright|"Deep River, my home is over Jordan" The final spiritual in the oratorio, sheet music version 1917 Kemp describes Tippett's central problem in composing A Child of Our Time as integrating the language of the spirituals with his own musical style. Tippett was, in Kemp's view, entirely successful in this respect; "O by and by", he says, sounds as if it could almost have been composed by Tippett. To assist the process of integration the composer had obtained recordings of American singing groups, especially the Hall Johnson Choir,Kemp, p. 164 which provided him with a three-part model for determining the relationships between solo voices and chorus in the spirituals: chorus, soloists, chorus.Kemp, p. 172 Tippett's instructions in the score specify that "the spirituals should not be thought of as congregational hymns, but as integral parts of the Oratorio; nor should they be sentimentalised but sung with a strong underlying beat and slightly 'swung'". The brief orchestral prelude to Part I introduces the two contrasting moods which pervade the entire work. Kemp likens the opening "snarling trumpet triad" to "a descent into Hades",Kemp, p. 170 but it is answered immediately by a gently mournful phrase in the strings. In general the eight numbers which comprise this first part each have, says Gloag, their own distinct texture and harmonic identity, often in a disjunctive relationship with each other,Gloag, p. 31 although the second and third numbers are connected by an orchestral "interludium". From among the diverse musical features Steinberg draws attention to rhythms in the chorus "When Shall The Usurer's City Cease" that illustrate Tippett's knowledge of and feel for the English madrigal. What Kemp describes as "one of the supreme moments in Tippett's music" occurs towards the end of the Part, as the soprano's aria melts into the spiritual "Steal away": "a [transition] so poignant as to set off that instant shock of recognition that floods the eyes with emotion ... although the soprano continues to grieve in a floating melisma, the spiritual comes as a relief as well as a release". Because of its large number (17) of generally short components, Part II is the most diffuse of the three parts, texturally and harmonically.Gloag, p. 44 The narrative is driven largely by alternating choruses and comments from the Narrator, with two brief operatic scenas in which the four soloists participate. Kemp finds in one of the choruses an allusion to "Sei gegrüsset" from Bach's St John Passion, and hears traces of Elgar in the soprano's solo "O my son!" which begins the first scena. The narrative climax is reached with the "Spiritual of Anger": "Go Down, Moses", which Tippett arranges in the form of a chorale.Kemp, pp. 173–76 This is followed by three short meditations from tenor, soprano and alto soloists, before a possible redemption is glimpsed in the spiritual which ends the Part, "O by and by", with a soprano descant which Steinberg describes as "ecstatic". Part III consists of only five numbers, each rather more extensive than most of those in the earlier sections of the oratorio. The Part has, on the whole, a greater unity than its predecessors.Gloag, pp. 62–63 The musical and emotional climax to the whole work is the penultimate ensemble: "I Would Know my Shadow and my Light". Kemp writes: "The whole work has been leading to this moment ... the ensemble flows into a rapturous wordless benediction [before] a modulation leads into 'Deep River'". In this final spiritual, for the first time the full vocal and instrumental resources are deployed.Kemp, p. 177 The oratorio ends quietly, on an extended pianissimo "Lord". The total vocal and instrumental resources required for the oratorio are a SATB chorus with soprano, alto, tenor and bass soloists, and an orchestra comprising two flutes, two oboes, English horn, two clarinets, two bassoons, contrabassoon, four horns, three trumpets, three trombones, timpani, cymbals and strings. According to the vocal score, the approximate duration of the work is 66 minutes.Tippett 1944, pp. ii–ivSteinberg, p. 280 == Recordings == The first recording of A Child of Our Time was issued in 1958, and remained the only available version for 17 years. Sir Colin Davis made the first of his three recordings of the work in 1975. Tippett himself, at the age of 86, conducted a recording of the work with the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and Chorus in 1991. Year Soloists (SATB) Conductor Orchestra and chorus Label References 1958 Elsie Morison Pamela Bowden Richard Lewis Richard Standen John Pritchard Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Chorus and Orchestra Vinyl: Pye CCL30114/5 Vinyl: Argo ZDA19/20 (stereo 1963) 1975 Jessye Norman Janet Baker Richard Cassilly John Shirley-Quirk Colin Davis BBC Symphony Orchestra and BBC Singers Vinyl: Philips 6500985 1986 Sheila Armstrong Felicity Palmer Philip Langridge John Shirley-Quirk André Previn Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and Brighton Festival Chorus CD: RPO 7012 1991 Faye Robinson Sarah Walker Jon Garrison John Cheek Michael Tippett City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra and CBSO Chorus CD: Naxos 855750 1992 Cynthia Haymon Cynthia Clarey Damon Evans Willard White Richard Hickox London Symphony Orchestra and Chorus CD: Chandos CHAN9123 2003 Ute Selbig Norah Gubisch Jerry Hadley Robert Holl Colin Davis Staatskapelle Dresden CD: Profil PH7052 2007 Indra Thomas Mihoko Fujimura Steve Davislim Matthew Rose Colin Davis London Symphony Orchestra and Chorus CD: LSO0670 (recorded live performance) == Notes and references == Notes Citations Bibliography * * * * * * * ==Further reading== * == External links == * Richard Smith, An introduction to Michael Tippett's 'A Child of Our Time', documentary, * Libretto (on pp. 10–11) Category:1941 compositions Category:Compositions by Michael Tippett Category:Kristallnacht Category:Works about the Holocaust Category:Oratorios
63331320	A Boy Called Po	A Boy Called Po (also known as Po) is a 2016 American drama film directed by John Asher and written by Colin Goldman, based on a true story starring Christopher Gorham, Julian Feder, and Kaitlin Doubleday. When his wife dies of cancer, an overworked engineer struggles to care for his son with autism. In response to bullying, the young boy regresses into a fantasy world escape. The score for the film was composed by Burt Bacharach. == Cast == *Christopher Gorham as David Wilson *Julian Feder as Po *Kaitlin Doubleday as Amy *Andrew Bowen as Jack *Sean Gunn as Ben *Caitlin Carmichael as Amelia Carr *Bryan Batt as Randall Bane *Fay Masterson as Valerie *Brian George as Bill *Tristan Chase as Taylor Martz == Reception == RogerEbert.com states: "The intentions behind "A Boy Called Po" are not only good, but honorable." Film Daily less favorably states, "A Boy Called Po might have the best of intentions, and Asher clearly meant well with it, but that doesn’t cure its cloying and saccharine tone, falling prey as it does to the same old autism fiction tropes." Dove.org considers: "Po is an inspiring story about a committed father, David Wilson (Christopher Gorham), and his love and concern for his autistic son, Patrick, fondly called “Po”." Movieguide.org states: "A Boy Called Po is an engaging, low budget movie with a strong, powerful climax. There are a few endings after the climax, but they each resolve several important issues. The heart of this movie is the relationship between the father and his son." == Awards == In 2016, the film won the Gold Remi Award at Worldfest Houston, the Festival Award for Breakthrough Feature at the San Diego International Film Festival, Best Feature at the Palm Beach International Film Festival, Outstanding Achievement in Filmmaking, Music, at the Newport Beach Film Festival, Best Actor (Julian Feder) at the Albuquerque Film & Music Experience, Best Actor (Julian Feder) at the Young Artists Awards as well as being nominated for many other accolades. == References == ==External links== Category:2016 films Category:2010s American films Category:2010s English-language films Category:American drama films Category:Films about autism Category:Films about father–son relationships Category:Films scored by Burt Bacharach
633386	A Dance of the Forests	A Dance of the Forests is one of the most recognized of Wole Soyinka's plays. It was "presented at the Nigerian Independence celebrations in 1960, it ... denigrated the glorious African past and warned Nigerians and all Africans that their energies henceforth should be spent trying to avoid repeating the mistakes that have already been made.""Soyinka, Wole (Vol. 5): Soyinka, Wole 1934–." Contemporary Literary Criticism, ed. Carolyn Riley. Vol. 5. Gale Cengage, 1976. eNotes.com. 2006. 23 January 2009. At the time of its release, it was an iconoclastic work that angered many of the elite in Soyinka's native Nigeria. Politicians were particularly incensed at Soyinka's prescient portrayal of post-colonial Nigerian politics as aimless and corrupt. Despite the deluge of criticism, the play remains an influential work. In it, Soyinka espouses a unique vision for a new Africa, one that is able to forge a new identity free from the influence of European imperialism. A Dance of the Forests is regarded as Soyinka's theatrical debut and has been considered the most complex and difficult to understand of his plays."A Dance of the Forests", Hans M. Zell, Carol Bundy, Virginia Coulon, A New Reader's Guide to African Literature, Heinemann Educational Books, 1983, p. 169. In it, Soyinka unveils the rotten aspects of society and demonstrates that the past is no better than the present when it comes to the seamy side of life. He lays bare the fabric of Nigerian society and warns people that they are on the brink of a new stage in their history: independence. The play was published in London and New York in 1963 by Oxford University Press (Three Crowns Books). ==References== Category:1960 plays Category:Plays by Wole Soyinka Category:Plays set in Nigeria Category:Nigerian plays
63455183	A Day by the Sea	A Day by the Sea is a 1953 play by the British writer N. C. Hunter, first produced in 1953. ==First productions== After premiering at the Royal Court Theatre, Liverpool on 26 October 1953 the play toured to Manchester, Glasgow and Edinburgh before opening at the Haymarket Theatre in the West End of London, where it ran for 386 performances from 26 November 1953 to 30 October 1954.Wearing, p. 271 John Gielgud directed the production. The play had its American premiere in Los Angeles on 17 August 1955, before the production was taken to San Francisco and then to Broadway."A Day By Sea", Valley Times, 27 July 1955, p. 19 On 26 September 1955 it opened in New York at the ANTA Theatre, running for 24 performances."A Day by the Sea", Internet Broadway Database. Retrieved 27 September 2020 The director was Cedric Hardwicke.Chapman, John. "A Day By the Sea", The New York Post, 28 September 1955, p. 19 ==Original casts== Original cast, Liverpool and London Replacements during London run Broadway cast David Anson Lewis Casson Harcourt Williams Halliwell Hobbes Toby Eddison Peter Murphy Colin Gibson Barclay Hodges Dr Farley Ralph Richardson Brewster Mason Dennis King Julian Anson John Gielgud Hume Cronyn William Gregson Frederick Piper John W. Austin Humphrey Caldwell Lockwood West Leo Britt Elinor Eddison Patricia Laurence Margaret McCourt Veronica Cole Miss Mathieson Megs Jenkins Megs Jenkins Laura Anson Sybil Thorndike Mary Jerrold Aline MacMahon Frances Falter Irene Worth Jessica Tandy :Source: Wearing and IBDB. ==Plot== There is little incident in the play, which is a study of the various characters rather than a narrative."Haymarket Theatre", The Times, 27 November 1953, p. 6 It is set in and near the Dorset country house of Laura Anson, a brisk and sensible elderly woman, determined to keep the family home going, though worried that once she is dead nobody will succeed her in this. Her son, Julian, is a workaholic diplomat who abruptly realises that his obsession with his work has left him without a personal life. He attempts to interest the widowed, emotionally damaged Frances, but after two disastrous marriages she cannot face another deep personal relationship. David Anson, Julian's uncle, is an octogenarian who muses on the transitory nature of life. The governess, Miss Mathieson, despairs of finding a husband and makes an unsuccessful attempt to engage the affections of the bibulous but shrewd Dr Farley. While the characters are having a picnic on the beach a Foreign Office official comes to tell Julian he is no longer required in the embassy in Paris and must return to London. ==Critical reception== The play divided the critics. There was general agreement that the piece was reminiscent of the plays of Chekhov, but some found it static and lacking Chekhovian depth. Ivor Brown in The Observer called it "second rate … a competent pastiche of Russian fin de siècle theatre", albeit "very handsomely" done.Brown, Ivor. "On the Rocks", The Observer, 29 November 1953, p. 11 Others found it thoughtful and touching. The Times called it "essentially a poetic theme – treated gently, stylishly, prosaically". The Spectator said, "Frustration and nostalgia are the predominant themes of the play, given fine acting, direction, and production"."Theatre", The Spectator, 4 December 1953, p. 658 The critic J. C. Trewin called it "a curiously undramatic, derivative piece … but its lingering tenderness can find the heart."Trewin, J. C. "Merry Month", The Illustrated London News, 12 December 1953, p, 982 The reviewer in The Sphere said, "Mr Hunter skilfully depicts a household more than usually stocked with unfulfilled lives"."Unhappy Families", The Sphere, 12 December 1953, p. 458 ==Revival== The play was revived in London at the Finborough Theatre in 2008, directed by Tom Cooper, with a cast including Juliet Ackroyd, Lucy Russell, Romy Tennant and Stephen Omer. It was revived again at the Southwark Playhouse in 2017, with John Sackville in the leading role of Julian.Tanich, Robert. " N C Hunter, playwright of the 1950s, re-discovered", Mature Times. Retrieved 27 September 2020 ==Adaptations== A Day by the Sea has twice been adapted for British television. In 1959 Associated Television broadcast a production with Gielgud (in his first television role) and Megs Jenkins reprising their stage parts, and Gladys Cooper (Laura), Nicholas Hannen (David), Roger Livesey (Dr Farley) and Margaret Leighton (Frances) as co-stars."Concentration of Talents: Shrewd Adaptation of A Day by the Sea", The Times, 1 April 1959, p. 5 The second adaptation, by the BBC (1964) starred Gwen Ffrangcon-Davies (Laura), Robert Flemyng (Julian), Rachel Gurney (Frances), Felix Aylmer (David), and Gene Anderson (Miss Mathieson)."A Day by the Sea", BBC Genome. Retrieved 27 September 2020 The BBC broadcast radio adaptations of the play in 1955 and 1991. The first, produced by Val Gielgud, featured Robert Eddison (Julian), Gladys Young (Laura), Gwen Cherrell (Frances), John Turnbull (David), Belle Chrystall (Miss Mathieson) and Brewster Mason (Dr Farley)."Between Two Worlds", BBC Genome. Retrieved 27 September 2020 The second starred Wendy Hiller (Laura), Richard Pasco (Julian), Alan Wheatley (David), Michael Hordern (Dr Farley) and Barbara Leigh Hunt (Frances)."Saturday Playhouse", BBC Genome. Retrieved 27 September 2020 ==References== ==Sources== * Category:1953 plays Category:West End plays Category:Plays by N.C. Hunter
63462998	A Ballad About Green Wood	A Ballad About Green Wood () is a 1983 Czechoslovak short film written and directed by Jiří Barta. It is also known as The Ballad of Green Wood. It tells a story about spring and renewal, portrayed with animated pieces of firewood. It is inspired by the Legend of Vesna from Slavic folklore. ==Plot== A man chops firewood in the winter and leaves the wood in the snow. One of the split pieces has a woman's face. As the snow melts, the wood pieces begin to dance. Water flows and plants sprout around them. A rook attacks and eats the piece with a woman's face. The rook's body turns into a piece of wood with a distorted carved face. Plants die and the snow returns. The rook flies into a cave and goes to sleep. The sun rises and shines into the cave. The rook awakens and sees a piece of wood that looks like a knight on horseback. The knight charges and kills the rook with its lance. The firewoods place the rook's body on a pile of twigs, from which greenery grows and covers it. The rook transforms into a piece of firewood with a woman's face, and grows green twigs of its own, as the other firewoods dance around it. Back at the original location, the man picks up the firewoods and rips off the green twigs before he goes inside. Smoke comes out of his chimney. ==Themes== The film celebrates the cyclical renewal of life in the spring. According to Barta, humans are always subject to the flow of the natural world. His own ambition, which is reflected in the film, is to be attentive to nature and follow its rhythm. The film scholar Adam Whybray describes the film as a series of movements between anthropocentric rational time and the natural world's natural or traditional time. Natural time becomes ecstatic in the spring, is frozen during the winter, and then renewed the next spring. Jenny Jediny of Not Coming to a Theater Near You writes that the "fondness for the ancient and mythological" foreshadows Barta's 1986 film The Pied Piper". ==Production== The story is based on a folk tale about the Sun Prince and the virgin Vesna. The film was originally conceived in the 1970s and was to be directed by František Vláčil, but due to other commitments Vláčil abandoned it. Barta revived the project and changed its artistic direction. The film was shot in the Bohemian Forest, the High Tatras, the Koněprusy Caves and at Studio Jiřího Trnky in Prague. Barta chose to make it outdoors because he was determined that a film about nature should depict real nature. This proved demanding due to the heavy reliance on stop-motion puppet animation, performed by the animator Milan Svatoš, and the impact of the weather. Clouds and the sun's position created strict time limits, wind would blow over the meticulously positioned puppets, and rain caused halts in the production. The depiction of thaw was achieved by pouring water over a snowpack for several hours. The musical score was composed by Vladimír Merta. ==Reception== Reviewing the DVD Jiri Barta: Labyrinth of Darkness in 2006, Jamie S. Rich of DVD Talk described the film as "more visually stunning than illuminating, but cool all the same". He wrote that the video quality was poor; "probably the worst looking of the set"; and the audio "mixed a little low, as well". In Animation: A World History (2016), the scholars Giannalberto Bendazzi and Tommaso Iannini call it "a simple, short film of great impact". ==See also== * List of films based on Slavic mythology ==References== ===Notes=== ===Sources=== * * * * * * * * * ==External links== * * Catalogue entry at Krátký film Praha Category:1983 animated films Category:1983 short films Category:1983 films Category:Czechoslovak animated short films Category:Films directed by Jiří Barta Category:Animated films based on Slavic mythology Category:1980s animated short films
63489098	A La Mar	A La Mar is the second studio album by Dominican musician Vicente García, released on August 26, 2016. ==Background and accolades== The album marks García's first collaboration with Calle 13 producer Visitante. The collaboration inspired García to deviate from mainstream bachata and incorporate a variety of genres into the album: the artist recalled, "I [didn't] want to be that guy that just does Caribbean music". García won three awards including Best New Artist at the 2017 Latin Grammy Awards. The song "Bachata en Kingston" from A La Mar won Best Tropical Song at the ceremony. A La Mar was ranked by the Los Angeles Times as the best album of the decade by any Dominican artist. ==Track listing== ==References== Category:Latin pop albums by Dominican Republic artists
63546062	A Life of Sin	A Life of Sin is a 1979 Puerto Rican-American drama film directed by Efraín López Neris and starring Raul Julia, Míriam Colón and José Ferrer.page 151 ==Premise== Paulo (Raul Julia), a Caribbean peasant and Isabel (Miriam Colon), a politician's mistress. Open a brothel that becomes internationally famous. Though they gain wealth and power, the one thing that Isabel goals continue to elude her. ==Cast== *Míriam Colón as Isabel Luberza Oppenheimer *Raul Julia as Paulo *Henry Darrow *Miguel Ángel Suárez as Mario *José Ferrer as The Bishop ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1979 films Category:American drama films Category:Puerto Rican films Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s American films
6392747	A Home Too Far	A Home Too Far is a 1990 Taiwanese war drama film directed by Kevin Chu, starring Andy Lau, Tou Chung-hua and Ko Chun-hsiung. The film is based on Bo Yang's novel, The Alien Realm, which is the story of the Republic of China Army's 93rd Division taking refuge in Santikhiri (Mae Salong) on the border between Myanmar and Thailand. == Plot == In the early 1950s, the Chinese Civil War has ended with the defeat of Republic of China and the establishment of the People's Republic of China by the communists. Soldiers from the 93rd Division of the Republic of China Army take their families with them and leave southwestern China by entering northern Burma (Myanmar). The hike through the jungle is full of disasters and shortages of supplies, but the survivors reach and settle within the China–Burma border. They build a village and form an alliance with a local armed gang to resist attacks from the Burmese government. Later, the relocated government of the Republic of China offers to take the soldiers and their families to Taiwan, but some are disappointed with the government and decide to stay. == Cast == * Andy Lau as Little Tu/Hua Chung-hsing * Tou Chung-hua as Deng Ke-pao * Ko Chun-hsiung as General Li Kuo- hui * Ku Feng as General Li Mi * Siqin Gaowa as Li Kuo-hui's wife == See also == * Andy Lau filmography * Chiang Kai-shek * Kuomintang in Burma == References == == External links == * Category:1990 films Category:1990s war drama films Category:Films directed by Kevin Chu Category:Taiwanese war drama films Category:1990s Mandarin-language films Category:Films set in Myanmar Category:Films set in the 1950s Category:Films based on Taiwanese novels Category:1990 drama films
63983070	A Gift For Whom You Hate	A Gift For Whom You Hate (; ) is a 2019 Thai television series starring Toni Rakkaen, Sarunchana Apisamaimongkol (Aye), Napasorn Weerayuttvilai (Puimek), Jirakit Thawornwong (Mek), Tipnaree Weerawatnodom (Namtan), Chatchawit Techarukpong (Victor), Pattadon Janngeon (Fiat), Santisuk Promsiri (Noom), and Rhatha Phongam (Ying). Based on the story "The Gift Shop For Whom You Hate" from the Thai horror comic book My Mania 2 (2014) by Eakasit Thairaat, the series follows a police inspector who delves into confounding cases linked to a mysterious shop that sells "gifts" for people a customer hates. Directed by Sarot Nuamsamran and produced by GMMTV together with Nar-ra-tor, the series was one of the thirteen television series for 2019 launched by GMMTV during their "Wonder Th13teen" event on 5 November 2018. It premiered on One31 and LINE TV on 18 October 2019, airing on Sundays at 22:30 ICT and 23:30 ICT, respectively. The series concluded on 20 December 2019. == Synopsis == The series follows a police inspector Chut (Tony Rakkaen) who delves into confounding cases linked to the "Gift Shop For Whom You Hate," a mysterious shop that sells "gifts" for people who are the object of a customer's hatred. == Cast and characters == === Main === *Tony Rakkaen as Chut Pakdeethai : An upright police inspector who delves into the mysterious deaths linked to the Gift Shop For Whom You Hate; Bell's husband. * Sarunchana Apisamaimongkol (Aye) as Prangrung "Prang" Saehiw : A high school student and girl idol wannabe; Ploy's best friend and Nomnum's younger sister. * Napasorn Weerayuttvilai (Puimek) as Pimpisa "Ploy" Siripongraksa : A high school student; daughter of Supasit and Ploy's best friend. * Jirakit Thawornwong (Mek) as Nomnum "Num" Saehiw : Owner of a repair shop who is in debt and is threatened by his lenders; Ploy's elder brother. * Tipnaree Weerawatnodom (Namtan) as Punnapa "Bell" Siripattana : A news anchor; Chut's wife. * Chatchawit Techarukpong (Victor) as Krit Janekarn : A police inspector who gets involved in fabricating evidences; Chut's close friend. * Pattadon Janngeon (Fiat) as Aekungkan (Oat) : A high school student who developed sadomasochistic tendencies due to an abusive childhood. He is obsessed with his crush Prang. * Santisuk Promsiri (Noom) as Supasit Siripongraksa : A politician who aspires to be a Prime Minister; Ploy's father. * Rhatha Phongam (Ying) as Teacher Kim : A high school teacher who works on weekends in a home for the aged; Prang, Ploy and Oat's homeroom teacher; member of the vigilante group The Judge. === Supporting === * Apichaya Saejung (Ciize) as New Year : A high school student who dies from a hate gift that Prang intended to give to Ploy. * Suraphon Phunphiriya as General Sakda : A corrupt police chief who is involved in schemes that will lead to Supasit's victory in the national elections. * Kittipat Chalarak (Golf) as Kaew : The secretary of Bell's boss. * Phakjira Kanrattanasoot (Nanan) as Tarn : Bell's co-worker. * Krittanai Arsalprakit (Nammon) as Champ : A member of The Judge working undercover as a nurse to Teacher Kim's dying husband. * Surasak Chaiyaat (Noo) as Chut's father / Hatred :* Chut's father: A high-ranking police officer who was killed by a gift from the Gift Shop For Whom You Hate; a corrupt police unbeknownst to Chut. :* Hatred: The personification of hatred and shopkeeper of the Gift Shop For Whom You Hate who sports a creepy mask. Though his true appearance was never revealed, he temporarily takes on the face of Chut's late father in the final episodes when Chut take off his mask in an attempt to subdue him. == References == == External links == * A Gift For Whom You Hate on One31 website * A Gift For Whom You Hate on LINE TV * A Gift For Whom You Hate (2019) Official Trailer * * GMMTV Category:2019 Thai television series debuts Category:2019 Thai television series endings Category:Thriller television series Category:Mystery television series Category:Television series by GMMTV Category:One 31 original programming
64251145	A Couple of Cuckoos	is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Miki Yoshikawa. It was originally published as a one-shot in September 2019, before beginning serialization in Kodansha's Weekly Shōnen Magazine in January 2020. An anime television series adaptation by Shin-Ei Animation and SynergySP aired from April to October 2022 on TV Asahi's NUMAnimation block. == Plot == Nagi Umino is a 16-year-old second-year high school student who learns that he is not the biological child of the family that raised him. On the way to his first meeting with his biological family he meets Erika Amano, a popular internet celebrity who is trying to escape from an arranged marriage. Later, Nagi and Erika discover that the hospital had accidentally switched the two after their births and their parents were now aiming to put them in an arranged marriage; so they, selfishly, don't have to say goodbye to the children they raised (having missed out of their respective childhoods). To facilitate this, they are made to live in a house owned by Erika's family; hoping the two will fall in love before graduation, but will respect their wishes to abandon the idea if nothing comes of it. == Characters == ; : : A second-year student at Megurogawa Academy, who is ranked second in his grade. He is the biological son of a hotel tycoon, but due to a mix-up after his birth is raised by a different family. He has a crush on his classmate Hiro Segawa and aims to confess to her once he beats her in the school rankings. Following a challenge which he won, he starts dating Hiro. However, he starts to develop feelings toward Erika after realizing he hurt her by choosing Hiro. ; : : A popular Instagram celebrity who is the biological daughter of the family that raised Nagi. She first meets him while taking videos at a park, and makes him pretend to be her boyfriend to escape from an arranged marriage, unaware that her parents arranged her to be engaged to Nagi and for them to live together in a single house. After her school discovers the pictures she took with him, she is forced to transfer to Nagi's school. She decided to start an Instagram account in order to reach someone she had been looking for. Erika later realizes she really is in love with Nagi, as she is hurt when he chose Hiro instead of her. ; : : Nagi's adoptive sister and Erika's biological sister. She is scared that Nagi will leave her, and later she runs away from home and moves to the house where Nagi and Erika are staying. Later on in the series, she decides to aim for enrolling in Nagi and Erika's school after graduating from junior high school. She also has feelings for Nagi, which grew after she learned they are not blood-related. ; : : Nagi's classmate who is ranked first in her grade. She lives in a temple and works as a miko. She later becomes friends with Erika. It is revealed that she is also engaged to someone else. Though she wants Nagi to get together with Erika, it is suggested that she has developed feelings for Nagi as well. She sometimes shows yandere tendencies towards Nagi. ; : Nagi's childhood friend, who moved to China as a child due to her father's work, and returns to Japan for Nagi. She is also a popular online singer. She has loved Nagi since childhood, to the point of decorating her room with pictures of him. ; : : Nagi's adoptive father. Erika and Sachi's biological father. He and his wife Namie run a restaurant together. ; : : Nagi's adoptive mother. Erika and Sachi's biological mother. She and her husband Yōhei run a restaurant together. ; : : Erika's adoptive father. Nagi's biological father. He is the owner of a hotel chain. ; : : Erika's adoptive mother. Nagi's biological mother. She works as a television producer. ; : == Production == A Couple of Cuckoos is the first manga series in which Miki Yoshikawa uses digital drawing. == Media == === Manga === Miki Yoshikawa first published the series as a one-shot in Weekly Shōnen Magazine in September 2019, as part of a promotion in which she would publish three one-shots and readers could vote on which would receive a serialization. The series began serialization in Weekly Shōnen Magazine on January 29, 2020. The first tankōbon volume was released on May 15, 2020. A promotional video for the series was released on June 11, 2020. The video was voiced by Yūma Uchida and Maaya Uchida, who are siblings. As of May 2023, seventeen volumes have been released. The manga series has been licensed in digital in North America by Kodansha USA. ==== Volume list ==== === Anime === In April 2021, an anime television series adaptation was announced. It is animated by Shin-Ei Animation and SynergySP and directed by Yoshiyuki Shirahata, with Hiroaki Akagi serving as chief director, Yasuhiro Nakanishi overseeing series scripts, and Aya Takano designing characters. The series aired from April 24 to October 2, 2022, on TV Asahi's block. It aired for two consecutive cours. The first opening theme song is "Dekoboko" (凸凹, Rough) by Kiyoe Yoshioka, vocalist of the Japanese duo Ikimonogakari, while the ending theme song is "Shikaku Unmei" (四角運命, Square Destiny) by Sangatsu no Phantasia. The second opening theme is "Glitter" by Sumika, while the second ending theme is "HELLO HELLO HELLO" by Eir Aoi. Crunchyroll licensed the series outside of Asia. A spin-off mini anime series titled Kakkō no Iikagen premiered on YouTube on April 28, 2022. On April 11, 2022, Crunchyroll announced that the series will receive an English dub, which premiered on May 7. However, the English dub of the series was produced in Coppell studios in what was Funimation, who acquired Crunchyroll in August 2021 and Sony rebranded Funimation as Crunchyroll in March 2022. On July 10, 2022, a promotional video for the second cours starting on July 23 was released. Eir Aoi will perform the new ending theme song "HELLO HELLO HELLO". ==== Episode list ==== == Reception == It was reported that the first volume of the manga sold out in stores due to high demand, and that sales exceeded the publisher and author's expectations. A Couple of Cuckoos ranked #12 on Takarajimasha's Kono Manga ga Sugoi! list of best manga of 2021 for male readers. The series ranked #5 on the "Nationwide Bookstore Employees' Recommended Comics of 2021" by the Honya Club website. The manga has been nominated for the 46th Kodansha Manga Award in the shōnen category in 2022. == Notes == == References == == External links == * * * Official Twitter account * * Category:2022 anime television series debuts Category:Anime series based on manga Category:Crunchyroll anime Category:Fiction about social media Category:Harem anime and manga Category:Kodansha manga Category:NUMAnimation Category:Romantic comedy anime and manga Category:School life in anime and manga Category:Shin-Ei Animation Category:Shōnen manga Category:TV Asahi original programming
64315981	A Case of Libel	A Case of Libel is a 1963 novel by the British writer John Bingham.Reilly p.121 Unlike his usual crime-thrillers, it is a drama about a libel case brought by a woman against a national newspaper headed by a ruthless new editor. ==References== ==Bibliography== * Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015. Category:1963 British novels Category:Novels by John Bingham Category:Victor Gollancz Ltd books
64378948	A Gift from Bob	A Gift from Bob (promoted as A Christmas Gift from Bob) is a 2020 British Christmas biographical drama film directed by Charles Martin Smith and written by Garry Jenkins, based on the non-fiction books A Gift from Bob and The Little Book of Bob by James Bowen. It is a sequel to the 2016 film A Street Cat Named Bob, and stars Luke Treadaway, reprising his role as Bowen. Anna Wilson-Jones, Kristina Tonteri-Young, and Bob the Cat co-star. It was released in the United Kingdom by Lionsgate on 6 November 2020, and is the final film appearance of Bob, who died in an accident six months after filming was completed. == Synopsis == James looks back at the last Christmas he and Bob spent scraping a living on the streets and how Bob helped him through one of his toughest times – providing strength, friendship and inspiration – and ultimately teaching each other about the true meaning of Christmas spirit along the way. == Cast == * Luke Treadaway as James Bowen, an ex-drug addict who is Bob's owner * Bob the Cat as himself. ** This is Street Cat Bob's final film appearance, as he died in an accident in June 2020, approximately six months after filming was completed. The film's end credits carry a dedication in loving memory of Bob. ** Additional unnamed cats were used as stand-ins for Bob in some scenes. * Anna Wilson-Jones as Arabella * Kristina Tonteri-Young as Bea == Production == Luke Treadaway reprised his role as James Bowen. Street Cat Bob reprised his role playing himself. The film is dedicated to the titular feline, as he died in an accident in June 2020 (approximately six months after filming was completed). Charles Martin Smith was selected to direct the film in October 2019, and filming began one month later in November 2019. Filming completed in early 2020. === Music === On 6 November 2020, an accompanying soundtrack album was released. A Christmas Gift from Bob—Original Motion Picture Soundtrack features music by Patrick Neil Doyle with songs by K.T. Wild. Three songs inspired by and written for the movie will appear in the film performed by lead actor Luke Treadaway and a fourth Coming Back To Me (Coming Home) – written and performed by K.T. himself – is played in the film’s end credit. == Release == Originally scheduled for a 2020 release in the United Kingdom, the release was pushed back to 2021. In October 2020, it was revealed that the film is to be released on DVD and Blu-ray, and selected UK cinemas, and will be distributed by Lionsgate on 6 November 2020. == Reception == On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, of critics have given the film a positive review, with an average rating of . ==See also== * List of Christmas films ==References== == External links == * * Category:2020 films Category:2020 biographical drama films Category:2020s Christmas drama films Category:2020s English-language films Category:British biographical drama films Category:British Christmas drama films Category:British sequel films Category:Films about cats Category:Films about pets Category:Films about writers Category:Films based on multiple works of a series Category:Films based on non-fiction books Category:Films directed by Charles Martin Smith Category:Films set in London Category:Films shot in London Category:Lionsgate films Category:2020s British films
64470348	A Cry from the Grave	A Cry from the Grave or Srebrenica: A Cry from the Grave is a 1999 British documentary film about the 1995 Srebrenica massacre. The film was directed and produced by Leslie Woodhead. Using testimony of survivors and relatives the documentary tells the story of the massacre of over 8,000 Bosnian men and boys by the Bosnian Serb Army. The documentary was used in the war crimes trial at The Hague. ==Awards== The documentary won the Special Jury Award for Feature- Length Documentary at the 12th International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam in December 1999. At the 13th Biarritz International Festival of Audiovisual Programming in January 2000 the documentary won the silver FIPA award in the Documentary and Essay category. The documentary won the Mayor of Prague award at the second One World Film Festival in Prague in April 2000. In June 2000 the documentary won the Air Canada Grand Prize and the Best History or Biography Programme award at the 21st Banff Television Festival. In September 2000 the documentary won the Information category award at the fifth Gouden Beelden. It won first prize in the International Television category at the 33rd Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award in 2001. The documentary was nominated for the Outstanding Background/Analysis of a Single Current Story - Programs award at the 22nd News & Documentary Emmy Award in September 2001. ==Broadcast== The documentary was broadcast on BBC Two in the UK on 27 November 1999 as part of the Storyville series. In the Netherlands the documentary was broadcast on Ned 3 on 6 December 1999. In the US the documentary was broadcast on PBS on 17 January 2000 and narrated by Bill Moyers. The broadcast of the documentary on Radio Television of Serbia (RTS) in the summer of 2001, on the sixth anniversary of the massacre, resulted in a storm of protests including opposition politicians calling for the dismissal of senior RTS staff. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1999 documentary films Category:1999 films Category:British documentary films Category:Documentary films about the Bosnian genocide Category:Documentary films about war crimes Category:Srebrenica massacre Category:BBC television documentaries about history during the 20th Century Category:1990s English- language films Category:1990s British films
645146	A Different Drum	A Different Drum was an independent record label and online store based in Smithfield, Utah, founded in 1996. The label specialized in synthpop and related genres. A Different Drum has released hundreds of albums, singles, and compilations and was the biggest synthpop label in the U.S. The label is credited with helping to keep the synthpop genre progressing during the grunge rock mid-1990s and into the early 2000s, particularly supporting American Synthpop Groups (Cosmicity, The Echoing Green, B! Machine and others) in their early years. The label also supported older synthpop bands which previously had Billboard chart hits during the 1980s, such as Alphaville (band), and Real Life (band), putting out releases for both bands during this time. In the early to mid 2000s, A Different Drum signed new acts such as Iris and Provision. The label held a yearly Synthpop Music Festival which ran for 3 years, from 2004 to 2006; in Salt Lake City, Utah at the Red Lion Hotel. The festival featured label acts that were signed to A Different Drum, performing alongside new unsigned Synthpop bands in a musical showcase spanning three days over Labor Day weekend. The festivals were called ADD2K4, ADD2K5, and ADD2K6; respectively. The first year of the festival was recorded live and released as a 2 C.D. Limited Edition titled SLC 2K4 Official Bootleg. A selection of songs from the label's artists have been featured on various versions of Konami's Dance Dance Revolution series, including the arcade version of Dance Dance Revolution X. The label formally ceased operations in 2014. A Different Drum published more than 350 albums, singles, and various artist compilations. ==Notable artists== *Alien#Six13 *Alphaville *B! Machine *Blu Mar Ten *Blue October *Blume *Code 64 *Cosmicity *De/Vision *Daybehavior *The Dignity of Labour *Droom *Echo Image *The Echoing Green *Endless Shame *Faith Assembly *Fischerspooner *Freezepop *Iris *Jondi & Spesh *Junk Circuit *Leiahdorus *Midnight Resistance *Monolithic *Moulin Noir *Neuroactive *Neuropa *Neverever *Provision *Raindancer *Real Life *Syrian *T.O.Y. ==References== ==External links== * Official site (www.adifferentdrum.com) (defunct) Category:American independent record labels Category:Companies based in Utah Category:Electronic music record labels Category:Synth-pop record labels Category:1996 establishments in Utah Category:2014 disestablishments in Utah
64552861	A Geography of Blood	A Geography of Blood: Unearthing Memory from a Prairie Landscape is a 2012 book by Canadian author Candace Savage. The book combines natural and human history to reconstruct the past of Southwest Saskatchewan, and in particular the settlement of the region by Canadians, which relied on the forceful removal of the region's Indigenous peoples. Savage explores the colonial history of the area, including the slaughter of the Plains bison, which was an integral part of Indigenous prairie life. The author was inspired initially by a stay in the town of Eastend at the childhood home of American author Wallace Stegner, who also wrote about the region in his autobiography Wolf Willow. == Awards == A Geography of Blood was awarded the 2012 Hilary Weston Writers' Trust Prize for Nonfiction. The book also won three separate Saskatchewan Book Awards, including the Non-Fiction Award and the Book of the Year Award. == References == == External links == * Page at Greystone Books Category:2012 non-fiction books Category:Canadian non-fiction books Category:English- language books Category:Environmental non-fiction books Category:Indigenous peoples in Saskatchewan
64585232	A History of Embryology	A History of Embryology is a 1934 book by Joseph Needham.A History of Embryology. By Joseph Needham, Sc.D. (Cambridge: At the University Press. 1934. Pp. xviii + 274. Price 15s. net.) https://www.cambridge.org/core/journals/philosophy/article/history-of- embryology-by-joseph-needham-scd-cambridge-at-the-university-press-1934-pp- xviii-274-price-15s-net/3280187104EACED14E05C28704D0B6CF The book is based on lectures on Speculation, Observation, and Experiment. The same lectures were then compiled and released as a book published.The Embryo Project Encyclopedia https://embryo.asu.edu/search?text=Joseph%20Needham The works contain several sections dedicated to Spagyric. ==References== Category:Non-fiction books
6466712	A Chinese Honeymoon	upright=1.2|thumb|The duty of the bridesmaids is to blow shrill whistles whenever the groom is seen flirting. A Chinese Honeymoon is a musical comedy in two acts by George Dance, with music by Howard Talbot and additional music by Ivan Caryll and others, and additional lyrics by Harry Greenbank and others. One song that originated in the show was "Mister Dooley" which became famously associated with The Wizard of Oz for decades, when John Slavin, in the title role, interpolated the song for much of the first year of its run. The piece opened at the Theatre Royal in Hanley, England on 16 October 1899 and then toured extensively. After that, it played at the Royal Strand Theatre in London, managed by Frank Curzon, opening on 5 October 1901 for an astonishing run of 1,075 performances. It also played at the Casino Theatre, in New York, opening on 2 June 1902 for a run of 376 performances. In London, Lily Elsie took over the role of Princess Soo-Soo from Beatrice Edwards in early 1903 and was in turn succeeded by Kate Cutler. It also starred Louie Freear, and Arthur Williams took over the role of Mr. Pineapple. A Chinese Honeymoon was the first musical to run for 1,000 performances.Gänzl, Kurt. "Talbot, Howard (1865–1928)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004, accessed 18 September 2008 The story concerns couples who honeymoon in China and inadvertently break the kissing laws (reminiscent of The Mikado).Hicks, William. Thesis on British imperialism and musical theatre ==Roles and original cast== *Hang Chow (Emperor of Ylang Ylang) – Picton Roxborough *Chippee Chop (Lord Chancellor) – E. Boyd-Jones *Hi Lung (Lord High Admiral) – Percy Clifton *Tom Hatherton – Leslie Stiles (later Farren Soutar) *Mr Pineapple – Lionel Rignold *Florrie, Violet, Millie and Gertie (bridesmaids to Mrs P) – Fay Wentworth, Blanche Thorpe, Rosie Edwardes and Florence Burdett *Mrs Brown (official mother-in-law) – M. A. Victor *Yen Yen and Sing Sing (maids of honour to Soo Soo) – Jessica Lait and Fanny Wright *Mi Mi (a waitress) – Madge Temple *Soo Soo (the Emperor's niece) – Beatrice Edwards *Mrs Pineapple – Marie Dainton *Fi Fi (waitress at the hotel)– Louie Freear ==Synopsis== The Emperor seeks a bride who will marry him "for himself alone," so he despatches an English skipper, who has been promoted to the post of Lord High Admiral of the Chinese fleet, in search of such a woman. But the conditions are rather hard, for the high position of the Emperor is withheld, and the unlucky admiral has to pretend that he represents a billposter. The admiral returns from his quest without success. As a lingering death is the penalty of his failure it need hardly be said that he resorts to all sorts of expedients to avert the punishment. Some comical effects are obtained by making the abnormally tall Emperor think that he is betrothed to a diminutive "slavey" [a maid-of-all-work]. To these ingredients add a cockney tradesman married to a jealous wife who insists upon her four bridesmaids travelling with her for detective and protective purposes, a pair of young lovers, and quaint (even if imaginary) Chinese customs. ==Musical numbers== thumb|upright=1.1|A scene from A Chinese Honeymoon ;Act I – The Gardens of the Hotel at Ylang Ylang. *No. 1 – Opening Chorus – "In Ylang Ylang where the ruby river rolls its billows" *No. 1a – Chorus Exit – "It's Roly Poly, Roly Poly, o'er the sea once more" *No. 2 – Song – Soo-Soo & Chorus – "In the days of the ancient long ago in a quaint little Chinese town" *No. 3 – Chorus – Entry of the Emperor, and Song – "Hail, hail, hail all hail!" *No. 3a – Reprise for Exit – "And this is the hand that seeks a mate" *No. 4 – Sextette – Mr. & Mrs. Pineapple & Bridesmaids – "Three months ago we stepp'd aboard a great big ocean ship" *No. 5 – Song – Mrs. Pineapple & Chorus – "The à la girl is an English girl with lots of à la ways" *No. 6 – Nursery Rhymes Sextette – Tom, Fi Fi, Hi Lung, Mrs. Brown, Yen Yen and Mr. Pine – "Sing a song of sixpence" *No. 7 – Song – Fi Fi & Chorus – "I'm awfully partial to music, so I bought a piano one day" *No. 8 – Finale Act I – "Gather, gather, man and maiden come with bridal blessings laden" ;Act II – Room in the Emperor's Palace. *No. 9 – Opening Chorus – "With weary hearts we wait about, the bride to greet" *No. 10 – Song – Fi Fi & Chorus – "Some people sigh for beauty and some yearn for this and that" *No. 11 – Song – Soo Soo & Chorus – "Dolly was a baby just as others may be, with a pair of eyes of blue" *No. 12 – Song – Mr. Pineapple – "I dreamed a dream the other night, I thought that I had flown..." *No. 13 – Octette – Emperor, Yen, Tom, Soo Soo, Mr. & Mrs. Pineapple, Fi Fi & Hi Lung – "There's nothing like a little pat" *No. 14 – Chorus – "Welcome, official mother-in-law, let the cymbals clang" *No. 15 – Duet – Soo Soo & Tom – "Along the way where lovers go the roses red are twining" *No. 16 – Duet – Hi Lung & Mrs. Pineapple ("Marie") – "We'll give some little tit-bits from the plays" *No. 17 – Duet – Emperor & Fi Fi – "Now once there was a Mandarin, who for a sweetheart yearn'd" *No. 18 – Song – Fi Fi & Chorus – "You no doubt heard of the happy home where music is ador'd" *No. 19 – Finale Act II – "For he is the bridegroom and she is the bride" ;Supplementary items *No. 20 – Sestet – Hang Chow, Mi Mi, Hi Lung, Yen Yen, Chippee, & Fi Fi – "The force of good example is a power beyond dispute" *No. 21 – Song – "Maidee of Ohio" – "I'se a coloured lady and I've just come up to town" *No. 22 – Song & Chorus (singer unspecified) – "While passing through the busy streets of busy London town" *No. 23 – Cake Walk and Two-Step ==References== *Photos and lyrics at Guide to Musical Theatre site ==External links== *Song list and links to Midi files, lyrics and cast list *Theatre program and details *Reviews, images and other information about the show *List of longest running plays in London and New York *Article comparing The Nautch Girl and Utopia Limited with other exotic- locale works, such as A Chinese Honeymoon, and analysing the implications of the exotic settings as a reflection of British imperialism *Poster for A Chinese Honeymoon Category:1901 musicals Category:West End musicals Category:Original musicals Category:Musicals by Howard Talbot Category:British musicals Category:Chinoiserie Category:Musicals set in China Category:Musicals set in hotels Category:Musicals set in palaces
64680311	A European Requiem	A European Requiem is a composition for countertenor (or alto), baritone, mixed chorus, and orchestra by the Scottish composer James MacMillan. The work was commissioned by the Oregon Bach Festival, partially supported by an award from the National Endowment for the Arts. It was first performed by the countertenor Christopher Ainslie, the baritone Morgan Smith, the Berwick Chorus of the Oregon Bach Festival, and the Oregon Bach Festival Orchestra under the direction of Matthew Halls on 2 July 2016, at the Hult Center for the Performing Arts in Eugene, Oregon. ==Composition== A European Requiem has a performance duration of roughly 43 minutes and is cast in one continuous movement, with sections of text separated by instrumental episodes. In the score program note, the composer wrote, "The concert Requiem, as it developed from the 19th century, is a particularly European form that composers have turned to when they identify with a sense of loss, often as much within themselves, as prompted by a specific death. That is the case with my work, which is not a memorial for a loved one but rather a general response to this vivid text, coloured by a realism and wistfulness at the passing of deep cultural resonances." The text is written entirely in Latin, which represented for MacMillan "the common European language that existed before nationalist barriers were erected." He added, "Setting texts in Latin may now seem counter-cultural to many, but for me it represents the ideal rediscovering of our common heritage." ===Instrumentation=== The work is scored for a countertenor (or alto) and baritone soli, mixed chorus, and an orchestra comprising two flutes, oboe, cor anglais, two clarinets (2nd doubling bass clarinet), bassoon, contrabassoon, four horns, three trumpets, three trombones, tuba, timpani, three percussionists, harp, and strings. ==Reception== Reviewing the work's U.K. premiere at The Proms in 2017, several critics noted the music's bleak sound and its performance coinciding with the immediate aftermath of the Brexit referendum. Stephen Pritchard of The Guardian observed, "MacMillan writes melismatic, quasi-oriental vocal lines that work hypnotically when assigned to soloists, but less so when sung by large forces. Several moments of imprecision crept into the spinning descent of the Kyrie, for instance. Baritone Jacques Imbrailo was implacable in the Domine Jesu Christe and countertenor Iestyn Davies plangent in the beautiful Lux aeterna, but there was precious little music of consolation in this bleak requiem. The stock-still calm of the Agnus Dei allowed a moment of reflection, but the closing chorus offered only a cold, diminishing drumbeat towards oblivion. Rather like the Remain view of Brexit." Alexandra Coghlan of i similarly reflected, "This is a Requiem for our troubled times, a lament for the cultural idea of Europe, rather than the continent itself. We have no right to ask for something sweeter, though it would be nice if future performances gave us a chorus less timid and beat-shy, capable of finding the shock and awe as well as the sadness in this major new work." Richard Fairman of the Financial Times was more critical of the work, writing, "Over 40 minutes it sets some, though not all, of the familiar text of the Requiem Mass. Even that, however, starts to seem too much. Typically bold MacMillan ideas come and go at speed, impatiently punctuating what should be a sustained atmosphere." He added, "The music was at its most persuasive when it settles down. A haunting 'Kyrie eleison', beautifully sung by countertenor Iestyn Davies, established a memorably lamenting tone. A softly murmured choral 'Agnus Dei' held time still. The closing 'In paradisum', inflected by plainchant, faded out in an orchestral shimmer. Like too much else, that was gone before it could make its effect." However, Damian Thompson of The Spectator described it as "a piece of gloriously subversive new music." ==See also== *List of compositions by James MacMillan ==References== Category:Compositions by James MacMillan Category:2015 compositions Category:Requiems Category:Commissioned music
64692338	A Dinner Under Difficulties	A Dinner Under Difficulties () is an 1899 French short silent trick film by Georges Méliès. It was sold by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 171 in its catalogues. The film is a simple sketch in which a man accidentally knocks over his dining table, sending his meal to the floor. The problem is solved when, by magic, the table and its contents fly in backward motion back into place. The film features Méliès's first known use of reverse motion, a special effect probably created by cranking the camera backward. Prints of A Dinner Under Difficulties survive at the British Film Institute and the George Eastman Museum. ==References== ==External links== * Category:French black-and- white films Category:Films directed by Georges Méliès Category:French silent short films Category:1899 short films Category:1890s French films
64692835	A Holly Dolly Christmas	A Holly Dolly Christmas is the forty-seventh solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. It was released on October 2, 2020, by Parton's Butterfly Records in partnership with 12-Tone Music Group. The album was produced by Kent Wells, with Parton serving as executive producer. It is Parton's third Christmas album, following 1984's Once Upon a Christmas with Kenny Rogers and 1990's Home for Christmas. The album features guest appearances by Michael Bublé, Billy Ray Cyrus, Miley Cyrus, Jimmy Fallon, Willie Nelson, and Parton's brother Randy. It peaked at number one on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, becoming Parton's eighth album to top the chart. The album also peaked at number one on the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart and number 16 on the Billboard 200. The album was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. ==Background== Parton released "Comin' Home for Christmas" as a single in December 2009, but no mention of a Christmas album was made for almost seven years. Parton first mentioned that she was working on a new Christmas album during a Facebook Live Q&A; in August 2016. She said that the album would be released in 2017 and would feature songs that she had written for the NBC TV movie Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love. The title song from the movie, "Circle of Love", was recorded by Jennifer Nettles, who played Parton's mother in the film, for her 2016 Christmas album, To Celebrate Christmas. The song was also recorded by Parton's niece Heidi Parton for her 2017 album, This Kind of Love. The album's release was delayed due to the release of Parton's first children's album, I Believe in You, in 2017 and the Dumplin' soundtrack album in 2018. The album's release was mentioned again in April 2020 by Parton's creative director Steve Summers, who mentioned in a YouTube livestream with Linda Perry that his team was working on preparations for the album photoshoot and that it would be coming out in 2020. Parton prematurely announced the album's title in addition to two song titles and a few of the guest artists during an interview with Eddie Stubbs on WSM in July 2020. Following the broadcast, the interview was posted to WSM's SoundCloud page, but was deleted by mid-afternoon the next day. ==Release and promotion== The album was formally announced on August 12, 2020, and was made available for pre-order the following day. It was released October 2 on CD, digital download, and streaming. Target stores offered an exclusive version of the album featuring an alternate cover. An enhanced version of the album was made available for streaming on Spotify featuring exclusive video content. An Amazon Exclusive edition of the album featuring two bonus tracks was made available for streaming on October 6. The album was released November 13 on LP after its release was pushed back from October 2 due to a manufacturing delay. The LP version was released on opaque red, green, and gold vinyl on Parton's website. The LP was released on white vinyl exclusively on Amazon in the UK and peppermint colored vinyl by Magnolia Record Club. It was also released on cassette and 8-track on November 13, each featuring one bonus track, available exclusively through Amazon. A "Bonus Version" of the album was released for digital download and streaming on December 4 with one bonus track, a live recording of "I Still Believe", from the CBS TV special A Holly Dolly Christmas. On August 26, 2022, Parton announced that the Ultimate Deluxe Edition of the album, updated to include an additional "eight tracks, including rarities making their CD, vinyl, and digital debuts", would be released on October 14, 2022. ===Singles=== "Comin Home for Christmas" was released as a stand alone single on December 1, 2009. It would be included on A Holly Dolly Christmas eleven years after its initial release and peaked at number 31 on the Billboard Holiday Digital Song Sales chart. The album's first single, "Mary, Did You Know?", was previewed in an article on Good Housekeepings website on August 20 and was released to digital retailers the following day. It peaked at number 49 on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart and number 18 on the Billboard Christian Digital Song Sales chart. "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" was released as the second single on September 15. The third single, "Christmas on the Square", was released on September 29 and peaked at number 49 on the Billboard Holiday Digital Song Sales chart. "Cuddle Up, Cozy Down Christmas" was released as the fourth single on October 2 and peaked at number three on the Billboard Holiday Digital Song Sales chart, number 10 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart, number 6 on the Billboard Canada AC chart, and number 80 on the UK Singles Chart. An animated music video premiered November 6 on Parton's Facebook page and was released on YouTube the following day. Parton surprise released "I Still Believe" from her CBS Christmas special as a digital bonus track and the album's fifth and final single on December 4. It peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Country Digital Song Sales chart and number 32 on the Billboard Holiday Digital Song Sales chart. "A Smoky Mountain Christmas", from Parton's 1986 television movie of the same name, was released August 26, 2022, as the first single from the album's Ultimate Deluxe Edition . The second single, Parton's recording of "Silent Night" from the 1997 soundtrack album Annabelle's Wish, was released on September 23, 2022. ====Other charted songs==== Following the album's release several of its tracks charted on the Billboard Holiday Digital Song Sales chart. "All I Want for Christmas Is You" peaked at number four, "Circle of Love" peaked at number eight, "Pretty Paper" peaked at number 12, "Christmas Is" peaked at number 13, "Holly Jolly Christmas" peaked at number 16, "You Are My Christmas" peaked at number 21, and "Christmas Where We Are" peaked at number 34. Animated music videos were released for "All I Want for Christmas Is You" and "Pretty Paper" on December 3 and December 22, respectively. ===Television appearances=== Parton performed "Circle of Love", "Comin' Home for Christmas", and "Mary, Did You Know?" during livestream event on Amazon Music titled Dolly Parton's Comin' Home for Christmas on November 13, followed by a Q&A; hosted by Leslie Jordan. Parton performed "Holly Jolly Christmas" from her studio in Nashville during a pre- recorded segment of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on November 26. Parton and Jimmy Fallon performed "All I Want for Christmas Is You" in addition to Parton also performing "Mary, Did You Know?" during NBC's annual Christmas in Rockefeller Center tree-lighting ceremony on December 2. Both performances were pre-recorded at Parton’s studio in Nashville with Fallon’s portion being filmed in New York City on set of The Tonight Show. On December 4 Parton appeared on The Graham Norton Show where she performed "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" via a pre-recorded performance from her studio in Nashville. Also on December 4, Parton hosted a livestream concert on Pandora with guests Brett Eldredge, Carly Pearce, and Tasha Cobbs Leonard. Parton performed "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" and "Holly Jolly Christmas". During the Toronto Santa Claus Parade on December 5, Parton performed "Holy Jolly Christmas" from her studio in Nashville during a pre-recorded segment. CBS aired a television special titled A Holly Dolly Christmas starring Parton on December 6. Parton performed from an intimate, candlelit set while sharing personal Christmas stories and faith-based recollections of the season, interspersed with songs from the album. The special drew 6.2 million viewers and a 0.7 average rating among adults 18–49. A pre-recorded video of Parton performing "Christmas Is" from her home aired during Cyndi Lauper's tenth annual Home for the Holidays fundraiser livestream on December 11 on TikTok and December 13 on YouTube. ==Critical reception== A Holly Dolly Christmas received positive reviews from music critics. At Album of the Year, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 76 based on 4 reviews. In a review for AllMusic, Timothy Monger gave the album four out of five stars, saying that the album "offers up a heartfelt, compassionate, and joyous cup of holiday cheer." He noted that unlike 1990's Home for Christmas, this album features Parton originals, "some of which are quite good." Matt Melis gave the album a B rating in a review for Consequence of Sound, saying "it feels like the kind of gift we could all stand to find under the tree." He named "Christmas Is", "Christmas on the Square", and "Pretty Paper" as the album's essential tracks. ==Commercial performance== The album debuted and peaked at number 16 on the Billboard 200 chart with 27,000 equivalent album units of which 26,000 were pure album sales. It re-peaked at number 16 during its initial chart run. The album also debuted and peaked at number one on both the Billboard Top Country Albums chart and the Billboard Top Holiday Albums chart. In Europe the album peaked at number 11 on the Scottish Albums chart and number 16 on the UK Albums Chart. As of December 2020, the album has sold 171,000 units in the United States, Parton's best since Backwoods Barbie. ==Accolades== A Holly Dolly Christmas was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== Adapted from the album liner notes. Performance * Roy Agee – tenor trombone, bass trombone, orchestration * David Angell – violin * Monisa Angell – viola * Michael Bublé – featured artist * Wei Tsun Chang – violin * Dennis Crouch – upright bass * Billy Ray Cyrus – featured artist * Miley Cyrus – featured artist * Janet Darnell – violin * David Davidson – violin, viola, orchestration * Michael Davis – keys, B3, orchestration, percussion * Richard Dennison – background vocals, piano * Jimmy Fallon – featured artist * Chris Farrell – viola * Lloyd Green – steel guitar * Vicki Hampton – background vocals * Tom Hoey – drums, percussion * Paul Hollowell – piano, B3 * Sam Levine – saxophone, flute, clarinet, orchestration * Gary Lunn – bass, upright bass * Steve Mackey – bass * Aaron McCune –background vocals * Jimmy Mattingly – fiddle, mandolin * Paul Nelson – cello * Willie Nelson – featured artist, acoustic guitar * Jennifer O'Brien – background vocals * Dolly Parton – lead vocals * Heidi Parton – harmony vocals * Randy Parton – featured artist * Stefan Petreseu – violin * Carole Rabinowitz – cello * Sarighani Reist – cello * Tom Rutledge – acoustic guitar * Steve Turner – drums, percussion * Mary Kathryn Vanosdale – violin * Darrin Vincent – background vocals * Rhonda Vincent – background vocals, mandolin * Kent Wells – electric guitar, nylon string guitar, guitars, percussion, banjo, acoustic guitar, programming * Karen Winkelmann – violin Production * Lakieta Bagwell-Garves – background vocal arrangement * Michael Bublé – vocal arrangement * Steve Chadie – engineer * Joey Crawford – engineer * Cynthia Daniels – engineer * David Davidson – orchestral arrangement * Richard Dennison – vocal arrangements, producer * Kyle Dickinson – editing * Kat Elfman – production assistant * Ryan Enockson – engineer * Jamie Graves – vocal recording * Paul David Hager – Miley vocal engineer * Chris Latham – editing, vocal editing * Kam Luchterhand – assistant engineer * Parker Lyons – assistant engineer * Andrew Mayer - assistant engineer * Joel McKenney – assistant engineer * Patrick Murphy – tracking engineer, engineer * Dolly Parton – executive producer * Taylor Pollert – orchestra engineer * Tom Rutledge – producer, engineer * Cody Simpson – Miley vocal tracking engineer * Tyler Spratt – editing * Adam Wathan – assistant engineer * Kent Wells – producer, overdubs * Kevin Willis – engineer, editing, tracking engineer Other personnel * Hillary Adcock – seamstress * Stacie Huckeba – photographer * Tisha Lemming – master draper * Vance Nichols – set design * Kiley Reed – seamstress * Cheryl Riddle – hair * J.B. Rowland – art direction * Rebecca Seaver – productions * Steve Summers – costumer designer ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart performance for A Holly Dolly Christmas Chart (2020) Peak position Australian Albums (ARIA) 37 New Zealand Albums (RMNZ) 13 Swedish Albums (Sverigetopplistan) 41 ===Year-end charts=== 2020 year-end chart performance for A Holly Dolly Christmas Chart (2020) Position US Top Album Sales (Billboard) 95 US Top Country Albums (Billboard) 68 2021 year-end chart performance for A Holly Dolly Christmas Chart (2021) Position US Top Album Sales (Billboard) 31 US Top Country Albums (Billboard) 45 2022 year-end chart performance for A Holly Dolly Christmas Chart (2022) Position US Top Album Sales (Billboard) 99 ==Release history== Release history for A Holly Dolly Christmas Country Date Format Label Various October 2, 2020 October 6, 2020 Steaming (Amazon Exclusive edition) November 13, 2020 December 4, 2020 October 29, 2021 October 14, 2022 ==References== Category:2020 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Country Christmas albums Category:Dolly Parton albums Category:Warner Music Group albums
6495360	A Foreign Affair II	A Foreign Affair 2 is double compilation album released by Danish rock band Gasolin' in 2002. It contains the English album What a Lemon on the first disc and The Last Jim on the second disc. Between 1974 and 1978, Gasolin' released four albums with English lyrics in an attempt to break the international music market, but had little success. The first album, released in the United States as Gasolin' , was renamed What a Lemon for the English market. The disparity is due to the band releasing a previous album in England named Gasolin' . All told, Gasolin' released three albums named Gasolin': Their first Danish album, their first British album and their first American album. The Last Jim (1975) and What a Lemon (1976) are nearly identical to Stakkels Jim (1974) and Gas 5 (1975), respectively. On What a Lemon, "Good Time Charlie" was omitted and replaced by "Rabalderstraede" and "The Last Jim". "Rabalderstraede" is identical to the song "What a Lemon". ==Track list== ===Disc one: What a Lemon=== #"What a Lemon" #"Fatherless Hill" #"Lonesome Avenue" #"Rebel Run" #"Lots Of Success" #"It's All The Same To An American Dane" #"Lady Oh Lady" #"Sad Song Of The Bluebird" #"Rabalderstraede" #"The Last Jim" ===Disc two: The Last Jim=== #"Mrs. Boogie Woogie" #"Pasha Honeysuckle Divine" #"Bingo" #"Boogaloo" #"Cellophane Brain" #"Deadline" #"Where Do We Go From Here" #"Fool Of The Night" #"Anna Lee" #"Blood Brothers" #"The Last Jim" ==Credits== ===Gasolin'=== *Franz Beckerlee – guitar, moog, e-bow, vocals *Wili Jønsson – bass, vocals, piano *Kim Larsen – Vocals, guitar, piano *Søren Berlev – drums, vocals *Producer: Roy Thomas Baker *Engineer: Freddy Hansson *Assistand engineer: Flemming Rasmussen == See also == Danish rock ==References== Category:Albums produced by Roy Thomas Baker Foreign Affair 2, A Foreign Affair 2, A Category:Columbia Records compilation albums
65213306	A Droga da Obediência	A Droga da Obediência (The Drug of Obedience) is the first book in a young adult fiction series by Brazilian writer Pedro Bandeira. It was originally published in 1984 by Editora Moderna. It features a group of teens who call themselves Os Karas (intentional misspelling of "Caras", that could be translated as "The Guys"). The series includes five more books: Pântano de Sangue, Anjo da Morte, A Droga do Amor, Droga de Americana!, and A Droga da Amizade.Folha de S. Paulo. Droga da Obediência ==Synopsis== Miguel is the leader of the Os Karas group of friends, who get together to investigate and resolve mysterious events. The other members are Crânio, Magrí, Calu, and Chumbinho. The group has a secret meeting place (under a trapdoor inside a closet of cleaning supplies) where they gather to talk about what could have caused twenty-seven students from several nearby schools to vanish. ==Main characters== * Miguel - He has no nickname. It was his idea to create this secret group. He is the president of the Student Union. He leads the group and plans the actions to be taken by the Os Karas. * Chumbinho - He loves video games and computers. With his intelligence and bravery, he smells new adventures from afar. This quality was precisely what made Chumbinho discover the secret group at their high school. * Magrí - The star athlete at their high school, with Olympic medal potential. She is delicate and gentle. If necessary to save one of her friends or if there is a new adventure, Magrí shows a strong and brave side, ready to act and take risks. * Calú - An actor who is extremely extroverted and playful. He is always in a good mood and encourages the Os Karas during their adventures. He is the most handsome boy at their school, and has a crush on Magrí. * Crânio - He is the smart one. He is quiet and thoughtful, a chess champion who gets the best grades in school. He drops everything to gets involved in their adventures. His skills are especially useful during Maximum Emergency situations. He too has a crush on Magrí.Pablo Miyazawa (28 de agosto de 2014). «Heróis de "A Droga da Obediência", Karas crescem e encaram em novo livro». Uol. Consultado em 7 de janeiro de 2018 ==References== Category:20th-century Brazilian novels Category:Brazilian children's books Category:1984 novels
6525208	A Date with The Smithereens	A Date with the Smithereens is the fifth album by the New Jersey rock band The Smithereens, released in 1994. It is seen as a stylistically consistent with the melodic pop sensibilities of their earliest albums, along with the more rock-driven sound and production of their most commercially successful releases. == Details == Producer Butch Vig left the project prior to the recording of the album, which may have inspired some of the "bitterness" expressed in this album. The album was originally planned to be released about a year before it actually was, but Capitol Records was near dropping The Smithereens. The reason for this was a change in leadership at the label. In the post-Nirvana climate of grunge music, the pop rock sound of their previous album Blow Up was considered old hat, despite the album including the band's second Top 40 hit single, "Too Much Passion". Butch Vig's departure from the project convinced Capitol's new leadership to drop The Smithereens from the label. The Smithereens planned to start recording on the album in December 1992, but the recording was postponed to February 1993, because of the prioritization of The Smashing Pumpkins album Vig was working on. In July, Butch Vig gave up on the Smithereens, and shortly after, Capitol Records dropped them. Only two weeks after The Smithereens were dropped by Capitol, they were signed to RCA Records. RCA wanted to establish a presence in the rock genre, and prioritized promotion of both the band and the album. The Smithereens decided to work with Don Dixon again, who had previously produced their first two albums. == Artwork and title == The album title may be based on the 1959 album A Date with Elvis and the cover may be based on a picture of four thugs standing on a street in New York featured in a book Dennis Diken owned. The font used for the title may have been based on the sleeve of a soundtrack album called "The theme from Ben Casey." As another reference to older albums, the cover includes the RCA Victor logo with Nipper the dog on it and it also included a logo saying "Living Stereo." The album came out on cassette, CD, and a box set of four seven-inch vinyl records. On the cassette and CD covers, the background color is red, but on the cover of the box set of records, the background color is light blue. == Reception == The album received mixed reviews. Rolling Stone gave it four stars, calling the band's sound "distinctive and accessible", and complimenting Pat DiNizio's songcraft, which now included more driving, electrified guitar, humor, and socially conscious lyrics than on previous efforts. Entertainment Weekly rated the album a B, noting that the melodic, "guitar-driven power pop" had moments of humor. The review from Allmusic was more negative, however: the reviewer felt that the songs were poorly written, the sound of the album was "tired" and "worn out", and that the good songs only made the rest of the record more "dispiriting", with a "weird undercurrent of bitterness". This opinion was shared by Trouser Press, who felt that the album was inconsistent, weighed down by negativity even when trying to express more poetic, pop sentiment. The Los Angeles Times gave the album 2½ stars out of 4, calling it a "solid, enjoyable effort". The reviewer felt that the band was "too rockin' and pop- savvy to make a bad album", but after 11 years as a recording band lacked "the expansiveness of style and imagination to make a great one". The mixed reception was reflected in the album's sales, which were among the lowest in the band's catalog. The album entered the Billboard 200 at #133, and remained on the chart for only two weeks. The first lead single, "Miles From Nowhere," only reached #17 on the Mainstream Rock chart. RCA dropped them after that album, leaving them without a record label for the next five years. ==Track listing== Sources: Discogs, Allmusic, 45cat Box set vinyl edition: The box set vinyl edition of the album also contained the additional tracks "I'm Sexy", "Keep Me Running" (Demo) and "Everything I Have Is Blue" (Demo). The order of the tracks is slightly different, and the mixes and track timings differ -- sometimes quite significantly -- from the CD/cassette mixes. == Personnel == Adapted from the album's liner notes. ;The Smithereens *Pat DiNizio – vocals, guitar, harmonica *Jim Babjak – guitar, vocals *Dennis Diken – drums, percussion, vocals *Mike Mesaros – bass, vocals With: *Lou Reed – guitar solos on "Point of No Return" and "Long Way Back Again" ;Technical *Don Dixon – producer *The Smithereens – producer, art direction *Lou Giordano – associate producer, engineer *Joe Warda – assistant engineer *Mark Avnet – digital editing *Greg Calbi – mastering *Jackie Murphy – art direction *Sean Smith – design *Michael Halsband – photography == Charts == Charts (1994) Peak position US Billboard 200 133 ==Singles== Song US Mainstream Rock "Miles from Nowhere" 17 == References == Category:1994 albums Category:The Smithereens albums Category:Albums produced by Don Dixon (musician) Category:RCA Records albums
65338172	A Dream of Treason	"A Dream of Treason" was an American television play broadcast on January 21, 1960, as part of the CBS television series, Playhouse 90. It was the eighth episode of the fourth season of Playhouse 90 and the 125th episode overall. The story concerns a State Department officer, Martin Lambert, who is accused of betraying his county after he receives a secret order to leak confidential policy paper as part of a secret diplomatic maneuver. When the persons who gave the secret order are involved in a plane crash, Lambert finds himself on his own. Robert Stevens was the director. David Davidson wrote the teleplay based on Maurice Edelman's novel of the same title. The cast included Richard Basehart as Martin Lambert, Leora Dana as Eleanor Lambert, John Williams as Walter Ferguson, Susan Oliver as Valerie Ferguson, Alexander Scourby as Barragrave, and John Hoyt as Andrews. Fred Danzig of the UPI praised the performances of Scourby and Basehart, but criticized the "theatrical aura around what should have been reality" and several "melodramatic, shadow- filled, slow-talking scenes." "A Dream of Treason" was the last regularly- scheduled episode of Playhouse 90 in its regular Thursday evening time slot. Due to poor ratings, it aired thereafter only as a "special" in varying time period. The show's audience percentage had dropped to half of what it had been the previous year. ==References== Category:1960 American television episodes Category:Playhouse 90 (season 4) episodes Category:1960 television plays
65535711	A City Ramble	A City Ramble: or, the humours of the compter (sometimes The City Ramble) is a 1715 dramatic comedy play by the British writer Charles Knipe. It was first performed at Lincoln's-Inn Fields Theatre, London in 1715. It was performed as an afterpiece at times. It was revived at Covent Garden in 1736. Whincop says that it was "received with applause". == About the Writer == Charles Knipe of Haughley, Suffolk, was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge. He married Ann Powel on April 30, 1719, at Selattyn, Shropshire. He was a justice of the peace in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk. == Plot == === Act I === Scene I: A soliloquy from Twang, the turn-key who discusses honesty and conscience. There is a knock at the door and Strip, Skin'em and Bounce, his servants enter. Scene II: The Constable and watchmen arrive at the compter (prison) having arrested two gentlemen for the murder of One-Eyed Dick. Toby Twang, the turn- key greets them and tells them they will have good lodgings. Scene III: The Constable, the watchmen arrive at the compter with Justice Hardhead and a woman. Hardhead is drunk and begins to sing a song. Twang tells him to stop his noise to which Hardhead replies: "Sir, I have Eight Hundred pounds per annum, and will make a noise when I please." Scene IV: The Constable and watchmen arrive with Ezekiel Prim who is drunk and a woman in a wheelbarrow. Twang exclaims: "What the devil have we here! a wheel barrow full of iniquity and a cloak full of Spiritual Pride; a pretty Couple Faith!" Prim pleads his innocence. Scene V: The Constable and watchmen arrive with a Quaker and a woman who have been found in a Bawdy House. Scene VI: Twang questions the woman who arrived with the Quaker and says: "What, come to a prison without money in your pocket? Pray how do you design to pay your fees and give me Half-a-Piece for your Civility?" She offers him her scarf and he says it's not worth much and that she'll have to pay with her petticoat and her hoop, but she objects saying: "I shan't be able to get six-pence if I loose my Hoop." Scene VII: The constable and three watchmen arrive with Mordecai the Jew and his lady. Mordecai admits to 'whoring'. Twang is antisemitic in his views. === Act II === Scene I: The scene begins with a soliloquy given by Mordecai. Twang enters. Scene II: Mordecai and Twang haggle over the costs of his imprisonment. Twang asks Mordecai to pay him ten shillings for tearing his black coat and six and eight pence for damaging his neck cloth. Scene III: The two gentlemen discuss their accommodation. One of them says: "Rot their Lodgings, I was drunk enough to sleep anywhere, but I think the bed I lay in had no curtains." The watchmen accuse them of breaking their lanthorn. The gentlemen ask what happened to the dead man and one of the watchmen replies: "I am the man - and to be sure I thought I was dead, till my wife satisfyed me I had never a hole through my Body." Twang discusses his opinions on Physick and the Law and also how the previous night he had favoured a retailer of Penny-Custards over a Poet by giving him better accommodation because the retailer had more potential to become an influential man and be of use to him. The prisoners are all brought before Sir Humphry Halfwit, apart from Mordecai. Scene IV: The scene changes to a room in Sir Humphry Halfwit's house. There is a table covered with sandwiches and a great chair for Sir Humphry. Justice Hardhead, Ezekiel Prim, Abraham (the Quaker), the four watchmen, and two men, their friends, Strip, Bounce and others are in attendance. Strip and Mordecai enter. Scene V: Sir Humphry has not arrived as he is still eating his breakfast. Twang and the gentlemen discuss the other prisoners. Scene VI: Sir Humphry Halfwit, his clerk and other attendants arrive. The two gentlemen pay their costs and are discharged. Justice Hardhead is next before Sir Humphry and belligerently complains that as someone who makes the laws he should be entitled to break them. Sir Humphry thinks he must still be drunk to say such things and tells Twang to take him away and let him sleep it off. The woman is discharged and told to pay her fees. The Quaker's wife, Rachel, arrives and says that her husband cannot have been taking comfort in the whorehouse as he "is a weak Friend and cannot as he ought, administer the comforts of Wedlock" even to his wife. She admits that she once found him "trespassing" with her hand maid but he had waxed "cool" since. Mordecai is brought before Sir Humphry for drunkenness and Sir Humphry assumes that he is guilty because he is a Jew and makes little effort to hear his plea. Prim is next, and Sir Humphry dismisses the evidence against the holy man. He asks the woman to pay her fees and be discharged. The play reveals the anti-semitic and mysogenistic views of the period and how class influences the treatment of the prisoners regardless of their crimes. == List of Characters == * Sir Humphrey Halfwit * Justice Hardhead * Ezekiel Prim, a Presbyterian Parson * Abraham, a Quaker * Mordecai, a French Jew * Two Gentlemen, Constable and other attendants. * Rachael, Abraham's Wife * Twang, the Turn-Key * Strip * Skin'em * Bounce == Actors == The original Lincoln's-Inn Fields cast included: * William Bullock. (Twang) * Benjamin Griffin. (Ezekiel Prim) * George Pack. (Abraham) * Thomas Walker. * Mr. Leigh. * Mr. Churchman. * Mr. Walker. * Mrs. Stockdale. * Mr Schoolding (Sir Humphry Halfwit) * Mr Hall (Justice Hardhead) * Mr Knap (Mordecai) * Mrs Hunt (Rachael) The revived cast at Covent Garden included: * John Hippisley. (Justice Hardhead) * Roger Bridgewater. (Ezekiel Prim) * William Hallam * Mr William Mullart (Sir Humphry Halfwit) * Mr Neale (Abraham) * Mr James (Mordecai) * Mr Aston (first gentleman) * Mr Ryan (second gentleman) * Mr Charles Stoppelaer (Constable) * Mrs Mullart (Rachael) * Mr Bencroft (first woman of the town) * Mr Hallam (second woman of the town) * Mrs Browne (third woman of the town) * Mr Smith (news woman) * Mr Chapman (Toby Twang) * Mr Clark (Strip) * Mr Littleton (Skin'em) * Mr Jones (Bounce) ==References== ==Bibliography== * Burling, William J. A Checklist of New Plays and Entertainments on the London Stage, 1700-1737. Fairleigh Dickinson Univ Press, 1992. * Curll, E. Books printed for E.Curll. * Dodsley, R. and J. Theatrical Records: or An Account of English Dramatic Authors, and their works page 105. 1756. * Egerton, T. and J. The Theatrical Remembrancer page 150. 1788. * Knipe, Charles. A City Ramble, or the Humours of the Compter. 1715. * Nicoll, Allardyce. History of English Drama, 1660-1900, Volume 2. Cambridge University Press, 2009. * Pemberton, J. A City Ramble, or the Humours of the Compter. As it is acted at the Theatre in Lincoln's-Inn Field. By Mr. Charles Knipe. 1715. Category:1715 plays Category:British plays Category:West End plays Category:Comedy plays
65577343	A Cure for the Heart Ache	A Cure for the Heart Ache is a 1797 comedy play by the British writer Thomas Morton.Nicoll p.289 It premiered at the Covent Garden Theatre in London. The original cast included William Thomas Lewis as Young Rapid, John Quick as Vortex, Alexander Pope as Charles Stanley, Joseph Shepherd Munden as Old Rapid, John Fawcett as Frank Oatland, Charles Murray as Sir Hubert Stanley, Thomas Hull as Heartley, Charles Farley as Bronze, James Thompson as Landlord, Isabella Mattocks as Miss Vortex, Jane Pope as Ellen.Hogan p.1929 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Nicoll, Allardyce. A History of English Drama 1660–1900: Volume III. Cambridge University Press, 2009. * Hogan, C.B (ed.) The London Stage, 1660–1800: Volume V. Southern Illinois University Press, 1968. Category:1797 plays Category:Comedy plays Category:West End plays Category:Plays by Thomas Morton
65604188	A Kalabanda Ate My Homework	A Kalabanda Ate My Homework is a Ugandan animation short film created by Robin Malinga and directed by his blood brother Raymond Malinga. The film stars Martha Kay, Faith Kisa with Patrick Salvador Idringi and Daniel Omara. It tells a story of Tendo a primary school pupil who came to school without her homework and when asked why she didn't hand in her homework, she gives an excuse that a Kalabanda (a mythical creature) ate her homework. ==Cast== *Patrick Salvador Idringi as the Kalabanda *Martha Kay as Tendo *Faith Kisa as Amiya *Daniel Omara as Mr. Oketch *Kasaija Peter *Seguja Derrick ==Reception== The film reception positive reception and has since its release been selected in a number of festivals, nominated for awards and won some. It was selected and screened at the Reanimania Art Festival in Yerevan in Armenia, Cote d’ivore film festival where it won an award for best animation, African Film Festival, Silcon Valley African Film Festival and also received a nomination at the 2017 Uganda Film Festival Awards. In 2018, Kalabanda won the "Best Creatures Animation" award at Africa International Film Festival in Lagos, Nigeria. ==References== ==External== * Category:Ugandan animated short films Category:Films set in Uganda Category:2017 films Category:2017 short films Category:2010s animated short films Category:2010s English-language films
65613096	A Bold Stroke for a Husband	A Bold Stroke for a Husband is a 1783 comedy play by the British writer Hannah Cowley.Nicoll p.181 The title is a variation on Susanna Centlivre's A Bold Stroke for a Wife. The original Covent Garden cast included William Thomas Lewis as Don Julio, Richard Wroughton as Don Carlos, John Quick as Don Caesar, John Edwin as Don Vincentio, Richard Wilson as Gasper, John Whitfield as Don Garcia, James Fearon as Vasquez, Mary Robinson as Victoria, Sarah Maria Wilson as Minette, Mary Whitfield as Laura, Harriet Pitt as Sancha and Isabella Mattocks as Olivia. The epilogue was written by John O'Keeffe.Hogan p.594 The play is in five acts and is set in Madrid. ==References== ==Bibliography== * Nicoll, Allardyce. A History of English Drama 1660–1900: Volume III. Cambridge University Press, 2009. * Hogan, C.B (ed.) The London Stage, 1660–1800: Volume V. Southern Illinois University Press, 1968. ==External links== * Category:1783 plays Category:Comedy plays Category:West End plays Category:Plays by Hannah Cowley Category:Plays set in Spain
65685890	A Bump Along the Way	A Bump Along the Way is a 2019 Northern Irish comedy-drama film directed by Shelly Love. ==Synopsis== A heavy-drinking Derry single mother becomes pregnant at the age of 44 from a one-night stand, much to the mortification of her teenage daughter. ==Cast== * Bronagh Gallagher as Pamela * Lola Petticrew as Allegra * Mary Moulds as Sinead * Dan Gordon as Michael *Zara Devlin as Rhiannon Coyle * Gerard Jordan as Kieran ==Production== A Bump Along the Way was developed through Northern Ireland Screen's New Talent Focus scheme and Lottery funding via the Arts Council of Northern Ireland. ==Release and reception== A Bump Along the Way premiered at the 2019 Belfast Film Festival, then went on general release in October 2019. The Guardian gave it three stars out of five, saying "The movie has a few awkward narrative transitions and a few EastEnders-ish running-out-of-the-room-crying scene endings, but the overall mood is persuasive and heartfelt and Bronagh Gallagher is a great lead." Variety said that it was "sometimes genuinely perceptive and sometimes pat, with superb leads as its consistent anchor." ===Awards=== A Bump Along the Way was nominated for Best Film (2020) at the 16th Irish Film & Television Awards, while Bronagh Gallagher was nominated for Best Actress (Film). Shelly Love, Tess McGowan and Louise Gallagher were nominated for the Discovery Award at the British Independent Film Awards 2019. ==References== == External links == * * Category:2019 films Category:2019 comedy-drama films Category:Films set in Northern Ireland Category:Films from Northern Ireland Category:2010s pregnancy films Category:2010s English-language films
65714859	A Drummer Boy Christmas	A Drummer Boy Christmas is the fourth studio album by For King & Country, an Australian Christian pop duo comprising brothers Luke Smallbone and Joel Smallbone, released via Word Entertainment on 30 October 2020. It features appearances by Needtobreathe and Gabby Barrett. The album was produced by Tedd Tjornhom and For King & Country, co-produced by Benjamin Backus, and Matt Hales handling executive production. A Drummer Boy Christmas became a commercially successful album upon its release, debuting at No. 2 on Billboard's Top Christian Albums Chart in the United States. A Drummer Boy Christmas received nominations for the GMA Dove Award Christmas / Special Event Album of the Year and Recorded Music Packaging of the Year at the 2021 GMA Dove Awards. == Background == In September 2020, For King & Country announced A Drummer Boy Christmas as their first full-length Christmas album, due to be out on 30 October 2020 and availing the album for pre-order. The album was inspired by a concept that originated near the band's beginning, when they Joel and Luke Smallbone were rehearsing for a Christmas tour. The album comprises two original Christmas songs: "Heavenly Hosts" and "The Carol of Joseph (I Believe In You)"; and contains guest appearances from Needtobreathe featuring on the track "O Come, O Come Emmanuel" while the song "Go Tell It On The Mountain" featuring guest vocals from Gabby Barrett. == Release and promotion == === Singles === On October 2, 2020, For King & Country announced that "O Come, O Come Emmanuel" featuring Needtobreathe and "Little Drummer Boy" would be serviced to Christian radio in the United States as the official singles from the album, revealing the album's track-listing. "Heavenly Hosts" was serviced to Christian radio stations in the United States on 3 November 2021, becoming the album's third single. === Promotional singles === On October 2, 2020, For King & Country released "Joy to the World" as the first promotional single from the album, accompanied with a lyric video. On October 16, 2020, For King & Country released "Heavenly Hosts" as the second and final promotional single from the album, accompanied with a lyric video. === Touring === Through November and December in the years of 2020–2022, the band toured around the United States in promotion of the album. == Reception == === Critical response === Jesus Freak Hideout's John Underdown noted the oddity in following up a successful album (Burn the Ships) with a holiday themed album, but acknowledged the band's success, saying: "Ultimately, what sets this album above its peers is the direction and purpose behind the songs picked and the way they're ordered. This thoughtfulness is felt and allows for deeper layers of reflection where other Christmas records only provide background fluff." In a positive review for NewReleaseToday, JJ Francesco opined that A Drummer Boy Christmas is "a reverent and intimate Christmas pageant of an album." === Accolades === Awards Year Organization Award Result Ref 2021 GMA Dove Awards Christmas / Special Event Album of the Year Recorded Music Packaging of the Year == Commercial performance == In the United States, A Drummer Boy Christmas earned 13,000 equivalent album units in its first week of sales, and as a result debuted at No. 2 on the Top Christian Albums Chart dated November 14, 2020, the band's sixth top ten release on the tally. The album concurrently registered on the mainstream Billboard 200 chart at No. 50. == Track listing == ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Weekly chart performance for A Drummer Boy Christmas Chart (2020) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Year-end chart performance for A Drummer Boy Christmas Chart (2020) Position US Christian Albums (Billboard) 71 Chart (2021) Position US Christian Albums (Billboard) 34 Chart (2022) Position US Christian Albums (Billboard) 42 == Release history == Release history and formats for A Drummer Boy Christmas Region Date Format(s) Label(s) Ref. Various 30 October 2020 Word Entertainment == Notes == == References == Category:2020 albums Category:2020 Christmas albums Category:For King & Country (band) albums
65722002	A Full Time Job	"A Full Time Job" is a song written by Gerry Teifer, sung by Eddy Arnold, and released on the RCA Victor label (catalog no. 20-4787). In July 1952, it peaked at No. 1 on Billboards country and western jockey chart (No. 3 best seller and juke box). It spent 18 weeks on the charts and was ranked No. 15 on Billboards 1952 year-end country and western best seller chart and No. 21 on the year-end juke box chart. ==See also== * Billboard Top Country & Western Records of 1952 ==References== Category:Eddy Arnold songs Category:1952 songs
65747171	A Dream Is What You Wake Up From	A Dream Is What You Wake Up From is a 1978 American film that combines documentary and narrative techniques to tell the stories of two black families in the United States. The film focuses on the intersection of race, gender, and wealth, comparing and contrasting the lives of a poor Harlem family and a more affluent family in the New Jersey suburbs. The blending of documentary and narrative filmmaking makes it deliberately "unclear" which scenes involve "professional" versus "non-professional" actors (as they are called in the film's credits). The film merely opens with a title card that reads "Segments of this film are dramatized," and only certain scenes—such as a Reconstruction era dramatization—are obviously fictional. This style is said to be inspired by Cuban director Sara Gómez, whom the film is dedicated to along with Mozambican activist Josina Machel. == References == == External links == * * Category:1978 films Category:1978 documentary films Category:African-American films Category:American documentary films Category:Films set in New York City Category:1970s English-language films Category:1970s American films
65773444	A Flower Above the Clouds	A Flower Above the Clouds () is a 2019 Burmese romantic drama film, directed by Sin Yaw Mg Mg starring Ryu Sang Wook, Kyaw Htet Aung and Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi. The film was shot a joint venture between Myanmar and South Korea; produced by JBJ Entertainment and Big 5 Film Production premiered Myanmar on December 19, 2019. ==Synopsis== Jae Won, who lives in Korea, came to Thantlang on the Chin Hills to do charity work. At that time, it was a big movie to see what would happen between Jae Won and Hnin Sat in Thantlang. ==Cast== *Ryu Sang Wook as Jae Won *Kyaw Htet Aung as Htan *Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi as Snow, Hnin Sat *May Than Nu ==References== Category:2019 films Category:2010s Burmese- language films Category:Burmese romantic drama films Category:Films shot in Myanmar Category:2019 romantic drama films
65891184	A Cry from Within	A Cry from Within is a 2015 American horror film directed by Deborah Twiss and Zach Miller and starring Twiss, Eric Roberts, Cathy Moriarty and James McCaffrey. ==Cast== *Deborah Twiss as Cecile *Eric Roberts as Jonathan *Cathy Moriarty as Alice *James McCaffrey *Pat Patterson as Sophia ==Release== The film was released on DVD and VOD on March 17, 2015. ==Reception== Matt Boiselle of Dread Central awarded the film two and a half stars out of five. ==References== ==External links== * Category:American horror films Category:2015 films Category:2015 horror films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
65926201	A Franklin kézi lexikona	thumb|220px|Volume 2 cover page. A Franklin kézi lexikona (i.e. actually the Franklin Company Publisher's Hand Lexicon) a larger handbook in Hungarian published at the beginning of the 20th century. == Description == The editors- in-chief Antal Radó, Béla Fábián, and Antal Almási were the editors of the work, which was published in 3 large volumes - 28x20 cm - in a volume of about 2,900 pages. The edition is published by the Franklin Company Hungarian Office. He graduated from the Institute and Book Printing House in Budapest in 1911 - 1912. According to the "Preface": : This Lexicon is intended to provide a brief overview of all that interests the average literate reader. It mainly takes into account the needs of the newspaper-reading audience, which very often needs a handbook that can provide explanations and guidance on the many kinds of names, data and events that occur in the newspapers; in addition, he also pays attention to the youth of the pupil, who also needs such help very often during his readings. We give a Handheld Lexicon, not a large knowledge base of many volumes. We do this because such a lexicon is not available on the Hungarian book market now, although in everyone's experience, such a lexicon is most needed. In ninety out of a hundred cases, the audience does not turn to a lexicon to thoroughly master a science or knowledge, but to understand a word, a phrase that is unknown to it before, to get the data they suddenly need, to learn the most important thing about a character, whose name just appears before him, and so on. Readers like this don’t even like to have to fish out what they need at that minute from a small study of 10-20 columns first; a Hand Lexicon is much more appropriate for their purpose, since we can see in reality that such foreign lexicons have the greatest popularity in foreign literature than the most important disseminators of enlightenment, even for cheaper goods. Foreword That is, the publisher, true to the title, published a larger general hand lexicon for the lexicon series of the period (A Pallas nagy lexikona, Révai Nagy Lexikona, World lexicon of Tolnai) compared. Each volume appeared in an Art Nouveau backbone binding. There were at least 4 types of binding: Art Nouveau brown, eclectic brown , Art Nouveau green, and Art Nouveau blue. == Contemporary reception == The reception of the work may have been favorable due to the publisher's reputation for publishing quality books, but a critical one remained in the magazine Nyugat . Miksa Fenyő expressed his disapproval of the fact that significant historical figures and notions of his concept "no" appear in the volumes: "" there was a special committee of forty scientists - which was deliberately omitted, which was taken: it bears the stamp of Slendrianism, fair work, scientific unscrupulousness. ” Some of the missing articles: golden wool, aphorism, hedonism, affair, amen, aven, avas, number, letter, judge, idol, biography; and - now partly forgotten - names: Fra Bartolomeo, Francesco da Negroponte, Pietro Longhi, JP Laurens, Van Gogh, Albert Besnard, TT Heine, Ferdinand V. Keller, Alfred Messel, Miczbán, Karacsay Codex, Lukács Enyedy, Sándor Csizmadia, Beck Ö. Philippines, Kaffka Margit. He also saw that 'the explanations of Franklin's hand-held lexicon are dressed-up, confusing and inadequate, and even in headlines where it can't be spoiled, so to speak, because listing some dry data is sufficient, even there with unnecessary inadequacy. " == Occurrence today == The series has not been published in a facsimile or electronic edition to date. It is relatively common in antique shops,antikvarium.hu, bookline.hu, regikonyvek.hu however, it also searched auctions.galeriasavaria.hu, darabanth.com == Picture attachments == Volume I 41, Volume II. 49, a III. and contained 33 color and black-and-white image attachments. === Volume I === Image attachments: 1. Africa. 2. African Animals (color). 3. Brain and spinal cord. 4. North America. 5. South America and Antilles. 6. American Animals (color). 7. Australia. 8. Australian Animals (color). 9. Car and motorcycle. 10. Asia. 11. Asian Animals (color). 12. Bacteria (colored). 13. Mining. 14. Astronomy. 15. Sugar production. 16. Color Decorations (color) 17. Electricity I. 18. Electricity II. 19. Electricity III. 20. Human dissection I. 21. Human dissection II. 22. Human-autopsy III. 23. Human-autopsy IV. 24. Human races I. 25. Human races II. 26. Architecture I. 27. Architecture II. 28. Architecture III. 29. Architecture IV. 30. Sensory organs. 31. Europe. 32. Developmental science. 33. Photography I. 34. Photography II. 35. Painting I. 36. Painting II. 37. Painting III. 38. Painting IV. 39. Painting V. 40. Painting VI. 41. Painting VII. Text Appendices: 1. Public Finances and Debt 2. Austria 3. United States 4. Human Races and Languages 5. Discoveries and Inventions 6. Paths of Discovery 7. Agriculture and Livestock 8. France === Volume II === Image attachments: 1. Mushrooms (colored). 2. Steam engines. 3. Steam boilers. 4. Steam turbines. 5. Warships. 6. Shipping. 7. Hangtan. 8. Musical instruments. I. 9. Musical instruments. II. 10. Hidak. I. 11. Bridges II. 12. Cold store plants (colored). 13. Heat. 14. Applied arts. I. Clay industry. 15. Applied arts. II. Clay and glass industry. 16. Applied arts. III. Furniture industry. I. 17. Applied arts. ARC. Furniture industry. II. 18. Applied arts. V. Goldsmiths. 19. Applied arts. VI. Textile industry. 20. Writing. 21. Potassium salt mining. 22. Crystal shapes. 23. Crystallized minerals. 24. Air navigation. 25. Hungarian decorations (color). 26. Hungarian Applied Arts. I. Clay industry. 27. Hungarian Applied Arts. II. Furniture industry. 28. Hungarian Applied Arts. III. Goldsmiths. 29. Hungarian Applied Arts. ARC. Textile industry. 30. Hungarian Art. I. Architecture. I. 31. Hungarian Art. II. Architecture. II. 32. Hungarian Art. III. Painting. I. 33. Hungarian Art. ARC. Painting. II. 34. Hungarian Art. V. Painting. III. 35. Hungarian Art. VI. Painting. ARC. 36. Hungarian Art. VII. Sculpture I. 37. Hungarian Art. VIII. Sculpture II. 38. Hungarian Costumes. I. (color) 39. Hungarian Costumes. II. (colored) 40. Mechanics. I. 41. Mechanics. II. 42. Greenhouse plants (colored). 43. Poisonous plants. I. (color) 44. Poisonous plants. II. (color) 45. Agricultural machinery. I. 46. Agricultural machinery. II. 47. Agricultural machinery. III. 48. Motors (Electric motors). 49. Job transfer. (Electronic). Text annexes: 1. Steam shipping 2. Japan 3. China 4. Hungary's trade and industry 5. Main statistics on Hungary's transport 6. Hungary's public education 7. Hungary's population 8. Measures 9. Great Britain and Ireland 10. German Empire === Volume III === Picture attachments: 1. Botany. I. 2. Botany. II. 3. Botany. III. 4. Capital letters. 5. Optics. I. 6. Optics. II. 7. Prehistory. I. 8. Prehistory. II. 9. Airplanes. 10. Insects I. 11. Insects. II. 12. Brewing. 13. Manufacture of spirits. 14. Theater. I. 15. Theater. II. 16. Sculpture. I. 17. Sculpture. II. 18. Sculpture. III. 19. Weaving industry. 20. Telegraph and telephone. I. 21. Telegraph and telephone. II. 22. Telegraph and telephone. III. 23. Glass painting (color). 24. Vasipar. 25. Vasutak. I. 26. Vasutak. II. 27. Vasutak. III. 28. Chemical apparatus. I. 29. Chemical apparatus. II. 30. Blood (colored). 31. Lighting. 32. Costumes from antiquity (color). 33. Costumes from the 17th and 18th centuries (color). Text annexes: 1. Italy 2. Russian Empire 3. Popes 4. Portugal 5. Romania 6. Proliferation of religions on earth 7. Length of railways by country, ie at the end of 1909 8. Spain 9. Switzerland 10. Turkish Empire 11. World literature == Order of volumes == I. A–Gátvíz 1911 1020 II. Gaucho–Nicotera 1912 956 III. Niczky–Zsuzsok 1912 976 == References == == Sources == * Volumes of Franklin's Hand Lexicon * Kozocsa Sándor: Magyar Könyvészet 1911–1920 (I–II.), Budapest, 1939–1942 Franklin kézi lexikona. A –. Bp., 1911. Franklin. 4°. 3 köt. | MAGYAR KÖNYVÉSZET 1712–1920 | Kézikönyvtár * Magyar katolikus lexikon I–XV. Főszerk. Diós István; szerk. Viczián János. Budapest: Szent István Társulat. 1993–2010. kézi lexikon – Magyar Katolikus Lexikon * Fenyő Miksa kritikája a lexikonról a „Nyugat” című folyóiratban (1912. 11. szám) Category:Hungarian encyclopedias
6597753	A II Z	A II Z were an English heavy metal band founded in 1979 in Manchester, England, by the guitarist Gary Owens. The original line-up consisted of David Owens (vocals), Gary Owens (guitar), Cam Campbell (bass), Karl Reti (drums). For a short time they were one of the forerunners of the new wave of British heavy metal movement. They disbanded in 1982. ==Career== Manchester's A II Z (named after the A–Z Street Atlas) were the beneficiaries of fortuitous timing, being formed by brothers Dave (vocals) and Gary Owens (guitar), Cam Campbell (bass), and Karl Reti (drums), just in time (late 1979) to be swept up by the initial excitement surrounding the new wave of British heavy metal. Immediately signed by major label Polydor, the group, whose style bore resemblances to Motörhead, Sweet Savage and Weapon, recorded their 1980 debut album, The Witch of Berkeley, live at a hometown gig (actually the hall of Hazel Grove High School), then were sent out on the road in support of Girlschool (Iron Maiden) and Black Sabbath. Neither of these experiences aided record sales, however, and following the release by Polydor of 1981's "No Fun After Midnight" EP and the single "I'm the One Who Loves You", the band were dropped. Internal dissension had also taken root by this time and the Owens had dispensed with their original rhythm section to work with new bassist Tony Backhouse (who went on to form Mad Dogs and Mr Wolf with Wally Rumsey, ex Kruizer) and drummer Simon Wright (later of AC/DC) on that final single. But the quartet's new and more commercial AOR direction failed to bear fruit, and by the middle of 1982 A II Z had dissolved. Guitarist Gary Owens joined the similarly ill-fated NWOBHM band Tytan. In 1993, Reborn Classics reissued The Witch of Berkeley as a bootleg CD which includes both singles as well as a four-track demo from Jaguar. In 2006 Majestic Rock officially re-released The Witch of Berkeley and also included the two singles and their b-sides. ==Discography== ===Studio albums=== *The Witch of Berkeley (live) LP (Polydor 1980) ===Singles and EPs=== *"No Fun After Midnight" 7"/12" (Polydor 1981) *"I'm the One Who Loves You" 7" (Polydor 1981) ===Reissue=== *The Witch of Berkeley Bootleg CD (1993 Reborn Classics) *The Witch of Berkeley CD (2006 Majestic Rock) ==See also== *List of New Wave of British Heavy Metal bands ==References== ==External links== * [ Entry in AllMusic] * VH-1 article entry * NWOBHM.com entry Category:English heavy metal musical groups Category:Musical groups established in 1979 Category:Musical groups disestablished in 1982 Category:Musical groups from Manchester Category:New Wave of British Heavy Metal musical groups
6602969	A Is for Atom	A Is for Atom (1953) is a 14-minute promotional animated short documentary film created by John Sutherland and sponsored by General Electric (GE). The short documentary, which is now in the public domain, explains what an atom is, how nuclear energy is released from certain kinds of atoms, the peacetime uses of nuclear power, and the by-products of nuclear fission. The film is Sutherland's most-decorated film, having won numerous honors at film festivals. The film also received a theatrical release, opening at the Pantages and Hillstreet Theatres in Los Angeles on July 2, 1953.The Hollywood Reporter, July 3, 1953, pg. 13 The distributor was Al O. Bondy, who made the short available for free.Boxoffice Barometer, Jan. 30, 1954, pg. 145 ==Synopsis== A narrator is relating what is an atom and how atomic energy can be harnessed by man to produce "limitless" energy. Dr. Atom (a caricature with an atom for a head) then explains the similarities between the solar system and atomic structure. He then goes on to relate how the atom is made up of protons, neutrons, and electrons. After this, the narrator explains how there are more than 90 elements with many possible isotopes for each. The history of atomic energy is then over viewed beginning with the discovery of artificial transmutation. This then led to the discovery of nuclear fission and eventually nuclear weapons and nuclear energy using the chain reaction of radioactive material. The Oakridge uranium factory is then discussed as well as the first nuclear reactor and the first uses of plutonium. The future of fantastical nuclear power plants is then explained. The short ends on the uses of radio isotopes in medicine and agriculture. The film includes a blue "nuclear giant" character, very similar to Dr. Manhattan from the graphic novel Watchmen. ==Re-release & update== A is for Atom was re-released by General Electric in 1964. John Sutherland Studios was contracted by GE to modernize the film. Changes included tighter editing, new music, new narration (Bud Hiestand did the voice-over on the original) and a focus on nuclear power as opposed to nuclear bombs. ==See also== * Destination Earth * "Our Friend the Atom" * Your Safety First * Atoms for Peace == References == ==External links== * * Category:1953 short films Category:American animated short films Category:American animated documentary films Category:Sponsored films Category:Documentary films about nuclear technology Category:General Electric sponsorships Category:Films scored by Eugene Poddany Category:1950s animated short films Category:1950s American animated films Category:Articles containing video clips Category:1953 animated films Category:1950s English- language films Category:American short documentary films
66092841	A Constitutional History of the United States	A Constitutional History of the United States is a nonfiction history book by Andrew C. McLaughlin. It won the 1936 Pulitzer Prize for History. == References == Category:Pulitzer Prize for History-winning works
66223686	A Country Called Home	A Country Called Home is a 2015 American drama film directed by Anna Axster and starring Imogen Poots, Mackenzie Davis, Ryan Bingham, Mary McCormack and June Squibb. It is Axster's feature directorial debut. ==Cast== *Imogen Poots *Mary McCormack *Mackenzie Davis *Ryan Bingham *June Squibb *Shea Whigham *Josh Helman *Norman Bennett ==Release== The film premiered at the 2015 LA Film Festival. It was then released in theaters on February 26, 2016 and on VOD on March 1, 2016. ==Reception== The film has a 17% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Mark Dujsik of RogerEbert.com awarded the film two and a half stars. Jesse Hassenger of The A.V. Club graded the film a C. Katie Walsh of IndieWire graded the film a B−. ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2015 drama films Category:2015 films Category:American drama films Category:2010s English-language films Category:2010s American films
663061	A Fall of Moondust	A Fall of Moondust is a hard science fiction novel by British writer Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1961. It was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Novel, and was the first science fiction novel selected to become a Reader's Digest Condensed Book. ==Plot== thumb|250px|Sinus Roris, where the Sea of Thirst is located in the novel. By the 21st century, the Moon has been colonized, and although still very much a research establishment, it is visited by tourists who can afford the trip. One of its attractions is a cruise across one of the lunar seas, named the Sea of Thirst, (located within the Sinus Roris) filled with an extremely fine dust, a fine powder far drier than the contents of a terrestrial desert and which almost flows like water, instead of the common regolith which covers most of the lunar surface. A specially designed "boat" named the Selene skims over the surface of the dust in the same manner as a jetski. But on one cruise, a moonquake causes a cavern to collapse, upsetting the equilibrium. As the dust-cruiser Selene passes over, it sinks about 15 metres below the surface of the dust, hiding the vessel from view, and trapping it beneath the dust. Immediately there are potentially fatal problems for the crew and passengers inside. The sunken Selene has a limited air supply, there is no way for heat generated to escape, communications are impossible, and no one else is sure where Selene has been lost. As the Selene heats up and the air becomes unbreathable, young Captain Pat Harris and his chief stewardess Sue Wilkins try to keep the passengers occupied and psychologically stable while waiting to be rescued. They are helped by a retired space ship captain and explorer, Commodore Hansteen, who is initially traveling incognito. Chief Engineer (Earthside) Robert Lawrence is sceptical that a rescue can be mounted, even if the Selene can be located. He is ready to abandon an initially unsuccessful search, when he is contacted by Thomas Lawson, a brilliant but eccentric astronomer who, from his vantage point on a satellite high above the Moon, Lagrange II, believes he has detected the remains of a heat trail on the surface. An expedition is organised and Lawrence indeed makes contact with the Selene. However the completely alien environment results in numerous unforeseen complications. The rescue mission decides to sink a tube supplying oxygen to the Selene first, in an effort to buy time to think of a way to get the passengers out. However, this becomes a race against the clock, as the heat in the Selene knocks out the chemical air purification system and the passengers are suffering from CO2 poisoning. To preserve air, most passengers enter a chemically induced sleep, with only Pat Harris and physicist Duncan McKenzie staying awake. Just in time, the rescuers manage to drill a hole in the roof and deliver an air supply. A plan is hatched to save the passengers of the Selene by sinking several concrete caissons to the roof of the ship and cutting a hole. When the first caisson is sunk, disaster strikes again: the liquid waste of the passengers had been expelled out of the ship, turning the dust around it into mud, which causes another, smaller, cave-in. The Selene sinks once more, this time only a small distance, but crucially, at a slope. The caissons cannot be connected to the roof which is now sloping at 30 degrees. The air supply and communications have also been damaged. After restoring these latter too, a new plan is made to sink the caissons, but now the bottom one has a flexible fitting attached to it which can be mounted to the sloping roof of the Selene. The rescue mission works according to plan: the caissons are sunk, the dust is scooped out and the connection is made, but now time is running out again. When the air supply holes were drilled, Selene's double hull was breached and the space in between slowly filled with dust. The metal-rich dust reached the battery packs and short-circuited them. This causes the battery compartment in the stern to burn slowly. The resulting breach is barricaded by the passengers, but dust is still pouring in and there is a fear that the burning material will cause the liquid oxygen supply to explode. Meanwhile, Robert Lawrence is working in the rescue shaft: he sets a small ring charge to make a hole in the roof. Just in time, the hole is made and the passengers escape through the shaft. Captain Harris is the last to leave, up to his waist in dust. Just when he is clear of the shaft, the liquid oxygen explodes, destroying the Selene. A short epilogue sees Lawrence writing his memoirs, Pat Harris and Sue Wilkins are married. Pat Harris is the captain of the Selene II on its maiden cruise which will also be the last cruise for Harris as he is hoping to transfer to the space service. Duncan McKenzie, one of the Dust- cruiser passengers, is described as of Australian Aboriginal descent. A different character, Duncan Makenzie, with "dark brown" skin, appears in Arthur C. Clarke's later novel Imperial Earth. ==Reception== Galaxy reviewer Floyd C. Gale rated A Fall of Moondust five stars out of five, praising it as "emotionally gripping [and] astute" and that "it measures up to the very highest standard of his previous efforts. No praise can be higher". ==Adaptations== A BBC Radio drama of the story was produced in 1981. It features David Buck as Captain Pat Harris and Barry Foster as Chief Engineer Lawrence. In 2008, the production was released on BBC Compact Disc (). ==See also== * Space tourism * Gray Lady Down, 1978 American film about the rescue of a sunken submarine with similar plot elements * "Midnight", a Doctor Who episode featuring David Tennant as the Tenth Doctor (similar plot) ==References== ==Sources== * == External links == * * A Fall of Moondust at Worlds Without End Category:1961 British novels Category:1961 science fiction novels Category:Novels set on the Moon Category:Novels by Arthur C. Clarke Category:British science fiction novels Category:Hard science fiction Category:Victor Gollancz Ltd books
66734083	A Little Bit of Ecstasy	"A Little Bit of Ecstasy" is a single by American recording artist Jocelyn Enriquez from her second album Jocelyn. Released in July 1997, it reached number 1 on the US Billboard Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales, number 15 on the Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart, number 25 on the Rhythmic Top 40 and number 55 on the Hot 100. ==Critical reception== Larry Flick from Billboard wrote that Enriquez "inches closer toward the pop stardom she deserves with this trippy dance ditty," and that she "strikes quite the seductive pose atop music that careens from rubbery disco to space-age freestyle." William Cooper of AllMusic highlighted "A Little Bit of Ecstasy" as the album's best track, writing "The sultry vocal, naughty lyrics, and unpredictable tempo changes make "A Little Bit of Ecstasy" a dancefloor classic along the lines of Donna Summer's "Love to Love You Baby". ==Formats and track listings== CD single 12" maxi CD maxi CD maxi - Remixes ==Charts== Chart (1997) Peak Position U.S. Billboard Hot 100 55 U.S. Hot Dance Music/Club Play 15 U.S. Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales 1 U.S. Rhythmic Top 40 25 ==References== Category:1997 songs Category:1997 singles Category:Jocelyn Enriquez songs Category:House music songs
6703650	A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion	A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion is the second album by the Santa Cruz, California-based hardcore punk band Good Riddance, released June 4, 1996, through Fat Wreck Chords. It was the band's first album with drummer Sean Sellers, replacing Rich McDermott who had left the group. The album includes two cover songs, of The Kinks' "Come Dancing" and Government Issue's "Hall of Fame", the latter included as a hidden track. "Last Believer" was titled after an episode of the 1991 PBS documentary series on President Lyndon B. Johnson; the song had previously been released on the band's debut EP Gidget in 1993 and was re-recorded for A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion. Singer Russ Rankin later remarked that "I think [A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion] is important because that's when I found out that I was a song-writer ... [it] was where I realized like, 'Hey I guess I'm the song writer for this band. Seven songs written during the demo sessions for A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion were left off of the album. These tracks—"Remember When", "Flawed", "Class War 2000", "Twenty-One Guns", "Lame Duck Arsenal", "Off the Wagon", and "What We Have"—were recorded in a separate session with Andy Ernst at Art of Ears and released on split EPs with Reliance, Ignite, Ill Repute, and Ensign through other record labels over the following year. == Reception == Andy Hinds of Allmusic rated A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion four stars out of five, remarking that "the band have improved their songwriting chops considerably, finally bringing the music up to the level of Russ Rankin's always powerful lyrics". == Track listing == == Personnel == * Russ Rankin – vocals, additional guitar on "Come Dancing" * Luke Pabich – guitar * Chuck Platt – bass guitar * Sean Sellers – drums * Cinder Block – female vocals on "A Credit to His Gender" * Ryan Greene – producer, recording engineer, mix engineer == References == == External links == *A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion at Fat Wreck Chords Category:Good Riddance (band) albums Category:1996 albums Category:Fat Wreck Chords albums Category:Albums produced by Ryan Greene
67078438	A History of Nomadic Behavior	A History of Nomadic Behavior is the sixth studio album by American sludge metal band Eyehategod. It was released on March 12, 2021, by Century Media. ==Background== The album was recorded at HighTower Records and Hypercube Studios, with producers Sanford Parker and James Whitten. ==Release== On November 17, 2020, the band revealed they were releasing their sixth studio album after seven years. Vocalist Mike IX Williams said of the album: "During this recording, I thought a lot about how stupid humanity has become and how America is now completely divided with these people who don't believe in science and blindly follow liars and nonsensical ideologies. Some of those feelings may have found their way into these songs, but it is mostly subliminal." ===Singles=== Eyehategod released their first single "High Risk Trigger" on December 4, 2020. The single has been described with "high level distorted guitar nastiness while singer Mike IX Williams belts furiously." Revolver said the single was an "apocalyptic rager instilled with the anxiety and insurgency of our times." The second single "Fake What's Yours" was released on January 15, 2021. Williams said of the single: "it's a pure uncut chunk of anti-authoritarian preach-speak set to a condescending guitar riff that could only be born from the dirty streets of New Orleans." On February 19, 2021, the third single "Circle of Nerves" was released. Mike Williams said of the single: "Circle Of Nerves is the last single before the release of our new album, A History Of Nomadic Behavior. This track is a prime example of the lowest form of abstract crossover trash to crawl out of the methadone clinic basement." ==Critical reception== A History of Nomadic Behavior was met with "generally favorable" reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 80 based on 4 reviews. Writing for Exclaim!, Chris Ayers explained: "A History of Nomadic Behavior is difficult to swallow, as it jumps the rails a bit into new territory for the veteran band. The album's production is too polished, which somewhat contradicts the band's filth-caked persona. Instead of their lovable, sloppy sludge with festering warts and all, Nomadic Behavior is squeaky clean and coherent, with a surgical gravity to each and every downtuned chord. It contains enough traditional elements to appease the older fans and delight the newer ones, yet its sonic oddities remain to confound the chaos." Angela Davey of Kerrang! stated: "The guitars chug along with a blues tinged bounce, as the percussion pounds like glacially paced hammer blows. However, the star of the show on any Eyehategod release is always going to be the vocals; Mike’s trademark angry tirade is always recognisable and it's satisfying to hear it make a welcome return." In a more mixed review, Colin of Lambgoat noted: "Perhaps it's the thin sounding production or the flow of the material, but the untethered energy of the band's past catalog is absent, leaving the group, now a four- piece, sounding rather... tame." ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart performance for A History of Nomadic Behavior Chart (2021) Peak position ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2021 albums Category:Eyehategod albums Category:Century Media Records albums
67127982	A Century of Birds from the Himalaya Mountains	A Century of Birds from the Himalaya Mountains was an ornithological book published by John Gould between 1830 & 1832\. thumb|A century of birds from the Himalaya Mountains (TAB. I) (9237206163) thumb|A century of birds from the Himalaya Mountains (TAB. LX) (9240055086) thumb|A century of birds from the Himalaya Mountains (TAB. LXXIII) (9240074298) John Gould was working as a taxidermist at the museum of the Zoological Society of London, curating and preserving animal bodies for display or study. When a number of taxidermied birds from the Himalaya Mountains arrived at the society, Gould decided to publish a book describing them. The text was written by Gould's friend and mentor Nicholas Aylward Vigors. The images of the birds were produced using the process of lithography. They were sketched by Gould himself, and drawn and transferred onto stones by Gould’s wife, artist Elizabeth Gould. She worked with Edward Lear to do this. Lear published his own Illustrations of the Family of Psittacidae, or Parrots around the same time. It is said that Gould was inspired by Lear's work. Elizabeth Gould continued to produce drawings for ornithological books until her death in 1841. Unfortunately, a publisher could not be found, and Gould made the decision to publish it himself. The book was printed in stages and issued in 20 monthly parts between 1830 & 1832\. The printer was Charles Joseph Hullmandel. == Subscribers == There were 298 subscribers to the book, including: * John James Audubon * Sir William Jardine, 7th Baronet * Frederick Marryat * Edward Lear Category:Fine illustrated books Category:1840s books Category:Ornithological handbooks == References ==
67223141	A Higher Calling	A Higher Calling: Inside America’s Airline Maintenance Mecca is a proposed American documentary series in production as of 2020. The docuseries follows MRO (Maintenance, repair and overhaul) workers in the nation’s largest MRO facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma, going inside the often overlooked world of air cargo operations. ==Premise== MRO became a prominent industry in Tulsa, Oklahoma when American Airlines relocated its Tech Ops headquarters from New York’s LaGuardia Airport to Tulsa in 1946. Since then, commercial MRO facilities at Tulsa International Airport (TUL) have become the largest in the world, including 3.3 million square feet of hangar and shop space sitting on 330 acres. On average, more than 900 aircraft visit the facility in Tulsa each year, which accounts for 1 out of every 10 commercial US aircraft. Tulsa has earned the nickname the ‘Airline Maintenance Mecca’ because of its over 50,000 person workforce. A Higher Calling dives into the world of cargo airplane repair, following the lives of veteran MRO mechanics, facility managers, and first-year engineers who do the high-stakes, behind-the-scenes work often taken for granted in shipping, delivery, and commercial air travel. ==Production== Filming for the series began in December 2020 and wrapped in May 2021. The documentary series is expected to premiere via Amazon Prime Video in the near future. ==References== Category:2020s American documentary television series Category:Amazon Prime Video original programming Category:Documentary television series about aviation Category:Documentary television series about industry Category:English-language television shows Category:Television shows set in Tulsa, Oklahoma Category:Television series by Amazon Studios Category:Upcoming television series
67227	A Brief History of Time	A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is a book on theoretical cosmology by English physicist Stephen Hawking. It was first published in 1988. Hawking wrote the book for readers who had no prior knowledge of physics. In A Brief History of Time, Hawking writes in non- technical terms about the structure, origin, development and eventual fate of the Universe, which is the object of study of astronomy and modern physics. He talks about basic concepts like space and time, basic building blocks that make up the Universe (such as quarks) and the fundamental forces that govern it (such as gravity). He writes about cosmological phenomena such as the Big Bang and black holes. He discusses two major theories, general relativity and quantum mechanics, that modern scientists use to describe the Universe. Finally, he talks about the search for a unifying theory that describes everything in the Universe in a coherent manner. The book became a bestseller and sold more than 25 million copies. ==Publication== Early in 1983, Hawking first approached Simon Mitton, the editor in charge of astronomy books at Cambridge University Press, with his ideas for a popular book on cosmology. Mitton was doubtful about all the equations in the draft manuscript, which he felt would put off the buyers in airport bookshops that Hawking wished to reach. With some difficulty, he persuaded Hawking to drop all but one equation. The author himself notes in the book's acknowledgements that he was warned that for every equation in the book, the readership would be halved, hence it includes only a single equation: E = mc^2. The book does employ a number of complex models, diagrams, and other illustrations to detail some of the concepts that it explores. == Contents == In A Brief History of Time, Stephen Hawking explains a range of subjects in cosmology, including the Big Bang, black holes and light cones, to the non-specialist reader. His main goal is to give an overview of the subject, but he also attempts to explain some complex mathematics. In the 1996 edition of the book and subsequent editions, Hawking discusses the possibility of time travel and wormholes and explores the possibility of having a Universe without a quantum singularity at the beginning of time. The 2017 edition of the book contained twelve chapters, whose contents are summarized below. === Chapter 1: Our Picture of the Universe === In the first chapter, Hawking discusses the history of astronomical studies, particularly ancient Greek philosopher Aristotle's conclusions about spherical Earth and a circular geocentric model of the Universe, later elaborated upon by the second-century Greek astronomer Ptolemy. Hawking then depicts the rejection of the Aristotelian and Ptolemaic model and the gradual development of the currently accepted heliocentric model of the Solar System in the 16th, 17th, and 18th centuries, first proposed by the Polish priest Nicholas Copernicus in 1514, validated a century later by Italian scientist Galileo Galilei and German scientist Johannes Kepler (who proposed an elliptical orbit model instead of a circular one), and further supported mathematically by English scientist Isaac Newton in his 1687 book on gravity, Principia Mathematica. In this chapter, Hawking also covers how the topic of the origin of the Universe and time was studied and debated over the centuries: the perennial existence of the Universe hypothesised by Aristotle and other early philosophers was opposed by St. Augustine and other theologians' belief in its creation at a specific time in the past, where time is a concept that was born with the creation of the Universe. In the modern age, German philosopher Immanuel Kant argued again that time had no beginning. In 1929, American astronomer Edwin Hubble's discovery of the expanding Universe implied that between ten and twenty billion years ago, the entire Universe was contained in one singular extremely dense place. This discovery brought the concept of the beginning of the Universe within the province of science. Currently scientists use Albert Einstein's general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics to partially describe the workings of the Universe, while still looking for a complete Grand Unified Theory that would describe everything in the Universe. === Chapter 2: Space and Time === In this chapter, Hawking describes the development of scientific thought regarding the nature of space and time. He first describes the Aristotelian idea that the naturally preferred state of a body is to be at rest, and which can only be moved by force, implying that heavier objects will fall faster. However, Italian scientist Galileo Galilei experimentally proved Aristotle's theory wrong with by observing the motion of objects of different weights and concluding that all objects would fall at the same rate. This eventually led to English scientist Isaac Newton's laws of motion and gravity. However, Newton's laws implied that there is no such thing as absolute state of rest or absolute space as believed by Aristotle: whether an object is 'at rest' or 'in motion' depends on the inertial frame of reference of the observer. Hawking then describes Aristotle and Newton's belief in absolute time, i.e. time can be measured accurately regardless of the state of motion of the observer. However, Hawking writes that this commonsense notion does not work at or near the speed of light. He mentions Danish scientist Ole Rømer's discovery that light travels at a very high but finite speed through his observations of Jupiter and one of its moons Io as well as British scientist James Clerk Maxwell's equations on electromagnetism which showed that light travels in waves moving at a fixed speed. Since the notion of absolute rest was abandoned in Newtonian mechanics, Maxwell and many other physicists argued that light must travel through a hypothetical fluid called aether, its speed being relative to that of aether. This was later disproved by the Michelson–Morley experiment, showing that the speed of light always remains constant regardless of the motion of the observer. Einstein and Henri Poincaré later argued that there is no need for aether to explain the motion of light, assuming that there is no absolute time. The special theory of relativity is based on this, arguing that light travels with a finite speed no matter what the speed of the observer is. Mass and energy are related by the famous equation E = mc^2, which explains that an infinite amount of energy is needed for any object with mass to travel at the speed of light(3×10⁸m/s). A new way of defining a metre using speed of light was developed. "Events" can also be described by using light cones, a spacetime graphical representation that restricts what events are allowed and what are not based on the past and the future light cones. A 4-dimensional spacetime is also described, in which 'space' and 'time' are intrinsically linked. The motion of an object through space inevitably impacts the way in which it experiences time. Einstein's general theory of relativity explains how the path of a ray of light is affected by 'gravity', which according to Einstein is an illusion caused by the warping of spacetime, in contrast to Newton's view which described gravity as a force which matter exerts on other matter. In spacetime curvature, light always travels in a straight path in the 4-dimensional "spacetime", but may appear to curve in 3-dimensional space due to gravitational effects. These straight-line paths are geodesics. The twin paradox, a thought experiment in special relativity involving identical twins, considers that twins can age differently if they move at different speeds relative to each other, or even if they lived in different locations with unequal spacetime curvature. Special relativity is based upon arenas of space and time where events take place, whereas general relativity is dynamic where force could change spacetime curvature and which gives rise to a dynamic, expanding Universe. Hawking and Roger Penrose worked upon this and later proved using general relativity that if the Universe had a beginning a finite time ago in the past, then it also might end at a finite time from now into the future. === Chapter 3: The Expanding Universe === In this chapter, Hawking first describes how physicists and astronomers calculated the relative distance of stars from the Earth. In the 18th century, Sir William Herschel confirmed the positions and distances of many stars in the night sky. In 1924, Edwin Hubble discovered a method to measure the distance using the brightness of Cepheid variable stars as viewed from Earth. The luminosity, brightness, and distance of these stars are related by a simple mathematical formula. Using all these, he calculated distances of nine different galaxies. We live in a fairly typical spiral galaxy, containing vast numbers of stars. The stars are very far away from us, so we can only observe their one characteristic feature, their light. When this light is passed through a prism, it gives rise to a spectrum. Every star has its own spectrum, and since each element has its own unique spectra, we can measure a star's light spectra to know its chemical composition. We use thermal spectra of the stars to know their temperature. In 1920, when scientists were examining spectra of different galaxies, they found that some of the characteristic lines of the star spectrum were shifted towards the red end of the spectrum. The implications of this phenomenon were given by the Doppler effect, and it was clear that many galaxies were moving away from us. It was assumed that, since some galaxies are red shifted, some galaxies would also be blue shifted. However, redshifted galaxies far outnumbered blueshifted galaxies. Hubble found that the amount of redshift is directly proportional to relative distance. From this, he determined that the Universe is expanding and had a beginning. Despite this, the concept of a static Universe persisted into the 20th century. Einstein was so sure of a static Universe that he developed the 'cosmological constant' and introduced 'anti-gravity' forces to allow a universe of infinite age to exist. Moreover, many astronomers also tried to avoid the implications of general relativity and stuck with their static Universe, with one especially notable exception, the Russian physicist Alexander Friedmann. Friedmann made two very simple assumptions: the Universe is identical wherever we are, i.e. homogeneity, and that it is identical in every direction that we look in, i.e. isotropy. His results showed that the Universe is non-static. His assumptions were later proved when two physicists at Bell Labs, Arno Penzias and Robert Wilson, found unexpected microwave radiation not only from the one particular part of the sky but from everywhere and by nearly the same amount. Thus Friedmann's first assumption was proved to be true. At around the same time, Robert H. Dicke and Jim Peebles were also working on microwave radiation. They argued that they should be able to see the glow of the early Universe as background microwave radiation. Wilson and Penzias had already done this, so they were awarded with the Nobel Prize in 1978. In addition, our place in the Universe is not exceptional, so we should see the Universe as approximately the same from any other part of space, which supports Friedmann's second assumption. His work remained largely unknown until similar models were made by Howard Robertson and Arthur Walker. Friedmann's model gave rise to three different types of models for the evolution of the Universe. First, the Universe would expand for a given amount of time, and if the expansion rate is less than the density of the Universe (leading to gravitational attraction), it would ultimately lead to the collapse of the Universe at a later stage. Secondly, the Universe would expand, and at some time, if the expansion rate and the density of the Universe became equal, it would expand slowly and stop, leading to a somewhat static Universe. Thirdly, the Universe would continue to expand forever, if the density of the Universe is less than the critical amount required to balance the expansion rate of the Universe. The first model depicts the space of the Universe to be curved inwards. In the second model, the space would lead to a flat structure, and the third model results in negative 'saddle shaped' curvature. Even if we calculate, the current expansion rate is more than the critical density of the Universe including the dark matter and all the stellar masses. The first model included the beginning of the Universe as a Big Bang from a space of infinite density and zero volume known as 'singularity', a point where the general theory of relativity (Friedmann's solutions are based in it) also breaks down. This concept of the beginning of time (proposed by the Belgian Catholic priest Georges Lemaître) seemed originally to be motivated by religious beliefs, because of its support of the biblical claim of the universe having a beginning in time instead of being eternal.As Stephen Hawking puts it in his book: "Many people do not like the idea that time has a beginning, probably because it smacks of divine intervention. (The Catholic Church, on the other hand, seized on the big bang model and in 1951 officially pronounced it to be in accordance with the Bible.)" So a new theory was introduced, the "steady state theory" by Hermann Bondi, Thomas Gold, and Fred Hoyle, to compete with the Big Bang theory. Its predictions also matched with the current Universe structure. But the fact that radio wave sources near us are far fewer than from the distant Universe, and there were numerous more radio sources than at present, resulted in the failure of this theory and universal acceptance of the Big Bang Theory. Evgeny Lifshitz and Isaak Markovich Khalatnikov also tried to find an alternative to the Big Bang theory but also failed. Roger Penrose used light cones and general relativity to prove that a collapsing star could result in a region of zero size and infinite density and curvature called a Black Hole. Hawking and Penrose proved together that the Universe should have arisen from a singularity, which Hawking himself disproved once quantum effects are taken into account. === Chapter 4: The Uncertainty Principle === In this chapter, Hawking first discusses nineteenth-century French mathematician Laplace's strong belief in scientific determinism, where scientific laws will eventually be able to accurately predict the future of the Universe. Then he discusses the theory of infinite radiation of stars according to the calculations of British scientists Lord Rayleigh and James Jeans, which was later revised in 1900 by German scientist Max Planck who suggested that energy must radiate in small, finite packets called quanta. Hawking then discusses the uncertainty principle formulated by German scientist Werner Heisenberg, according to which the speed and the position of a particle cannot be precisely known due to Planck's quantum hypothesis: increasing the accuracy in measuring its speed will decrease the certainty of its position and vice versa. This disproved Laplace's idea of a completely deterministic theory of the universe. Hawking then describes the eventual development of quantum mechanics by Heisenberg, Austrian physicist Erwin Schroedinger and English physicist Paul Dirac in the 1920s, a theory which introduced an irreducible element of unpredictability into science, and despite German scientist Albert Einstein's strong objections, it has been proven to be very successful in describing the universe except for gravity and large-scale structures. Hawking then discusses how Heisenberg's uncertainty principle implies the wave–particle duality behaviour of light (and particles in general). He then describes the phenomenon of interference where multiple light waves interfere with each other to give rise to a single light wave with properties different from those of the component waves, as well as the interference within particles, exemplified by the two-slit experiment. Hawking writes how interference refined our understanding of the structure of atoms, the building blocks of matter. While Danish scientist Niels Bohr's theory only partially solved the problem of collapsing electrons, quantum mechanics completely resolved it. According to Hawking, American scientist Richard Feynman's sum over histories is a nice way of visualizing the wave-particle duality. Finally, Hawking mentions that Einstein's general theory of relativity is a classical, non- quantum theory which ignores the uncertainty principle and that it has to be reconciled with quantum theory in situations where gravity is very strong, such as black holes and the Big Bang. === Chapter 5: Elementary Particles and Forces of Nature === In this chapter, Hawking traces the history of investigation about the nature of matter: Aristotle's four elements, Democritus's notion of indivisible atoms, John Dalton's ideas about atoms combining to form molecules, J. J. Thomson's discovery of electrons inside atoms, Ernest Rutherford's discovery of atomic nucleus and protons, James Chadwick's discovery of neutrons and finally Murray Gell-Mann's work on even smaller quarks which make up protons and neutrons. Hawking then discusses the six different "flavors" (up, down, strange, charm, bottom, and top) and three different "colors" of quarks (red, green, and blue). Later in the chapter he discusses anti-quarks, which are outnumbered by quarks due to the expansion and cooling of the Universe. Hawking then discusses the spin property of particles, which determines what a particle looks like from different directions. Hawking then discusses two groups of particles in the Universe based on their spin: fermions and bosons. Fermions, with a spin of 1/2, follow the Pauli exclusion principle, which states that they cannot share the same quantum state (for example, two "spin up" protons cannot occupy the same location in space). Without this rule, complex structures could not exist. Bosons or the force-carrying particles, with a spin of 0, 1, or 2, do not follow the exclusion principle. Hawking then gives the examples of virtual gravitons and virtual photons. Virtual gravitons, with a spin of 2, carry the force of gravity. Virtual photons, with a spin of 1, carry the electromagnetic force. Hawking then discusses the weak nuclear force (responsible for radioactivity and affecting mainly fermions) and the strong nuclear force carried by the particle gluon, which binds quarks together into hadrons, usually neutrons and protons, and also binds neutrons and protons together into atomic nuclei. Hawking then writes about the phenomenon called color confinement which prevents the discovery of quarks and gluons on their own (except at extremely high temperature) as they remain confined within hadrons. Hawking writes that at extremely high temperature, the electromagnetic force and weak nuclear force behave as a single electroweak force, giving rise to the speculation that at even higher temperatures, the electroweak force and strong nuclear force would also behave as a single force. Theories which attempt to describe the behaviour of this "combined" force are called Grand Unified Theories, which may help us explain many of the mysteries of physics that scientists have yet to solve. === Chapter 6: Black Holes === In this chapter, Hawking discusses black holes, regions of spacetime where extremely strong gravity prevents everything, including light, from escaping from within them. Hawking describes how most black holes are formed during the collapse of massive stars (at least 25 times heavier than the Sun) approaching end of life. He writes about the event horizon, the black hole's boundary from which no particle can escape to the rest of spacetime. Hawking then discusses non- rotating black holes with spherical symmetry and rotating ones with axisymmetry. Hawking then describes how astronomers discover a black hole not directly, but indirectly, by observing with special telescopes the powerful X-rays emitted when it consumes a star. Hawking ends the chapter by mentioning his famous bet made in 1974 with American physicist Kip Thorne in which Hawking argued that black holes did not exist. Hawking lost the bet as new evidence proved that Cygnus X-1 was indeed a black hole. === Chapter 7: Black Holes Ain't So Black === This chapter discusses an aspect of black hole behaviors' that Stephen Hawking discovered in the 1970s. According to earlier theories, black holes can only become larger, and never smaller, because nothing which enters a black hole can come out. However, in 1974, Hawking published a new theory which argued that black holes can "leak" radiation. He imagined what might happen if a pair of virtual particles appeared near the edge of a black hole. Virtual particles briefly 'borrow' energy from spacetime itself, then annihilate with each other, returning the borrowed energy and ceasing to exist. However, at the edge of a black hole, one virtual particle might be trapped by the black hole while the other escapes. Because of the second law of thermodynamics, particles are 'forbidden' from taking energy from the vacuum. Thus, the particle takes energy from the black hole instead of from the vacuum, and escape from the black hole as Hawking radiation. According to Hawking, black holes must very slowly shrink over time and eventually "evaporate" because of this radiation, rather than continue existing forever as scientists had previously believed. === Chapter 8: The Origin and Fate of the Universe === thumb|right|400px|The Big Bang and the evolution of the Universe The beginning and the end of the universe are discussed in this chapter. Most scientists agree that the Universe began in an expansion called the "Big Bang". At the start of the Big Bang, the Universe had an extremely high temperature, which prevented the formation of complex structures like stars, or even very simple ones like atoms. During the Big Bang, a phenomenon called "inflation" took place, in which the Universe briefly expanded ("inflated") to a much larger size. Inflation explains some characteristics of the Universe that had previously greatly confused researchers. After inflation, the universe continued to expand at a slower pace. It became much colder, eventually allowing for the formation of such structures. Hawking also discusses how the Universe might have appeared differently if it grew in size slower or faster than it actually has. For example, if the Universe expanded too slowly, it would collapse, and there would not be enough time for life to form. If the Universe expanded too quickly, it would have become almost empty. Hawking ultimately proposes the conclusion that the universe might be finite, but boundless. In other words, it may have no beginning nor ending in time, but merely exist with a finite amount of matter and energy. The concept of quantum gravity is also discussed in this chapter. === Chapter 9: The Arrow of Time === In this chapter Hawking talks about why "real time", as Hawking calls time as humans observe and experience it (in contrast to "imaginary time", which Hawking claims is inherent to the laws of science) seems to have a certain direction, notably from the past towards the future. Hawking then discusses three "arrows of time" which, in his view, give time this property. Hawking's first arrow of time is the thermodynamic arrow of time: the direction in which entropy (which Hawking calls disorder) increases. According to Hawking, this is why we never see the broken pieces of a cup gather themselves together to form a whole cup. Hawking's second arrow is the psychological arrow of time, whereby our subjective sense of time seems to flow in one direction, which is why we remember the past and not the future. Hawking claims that our brain measures time in a way where disorder increases in the direction of time – we never observe it working in the opposite direction. In other words, he claims that the psychological arrow of time is intertwined with the thermodynamic arrow of time. Hawking's third and final arrow of time is the cosmological arrow of time: the direction of time in which the Universe is expanding rather than contracting. According to Hawking, during a contraction phase of the universe, the thermodynamic and cosmological arrows of time would not agree. Hawking then claims that the "no boundary proposal" for the universe implies that the universe will expand for some time before contracting back again. He goes on to argue that the no boundary proposal is what drives entropy and that it predicts the existence of a well-defined thermodynamic arrow of time if and only if the universe is expanding, as it implies that the universe must have started in a smooth and ordered state that must grow toward disorder as time advances. He argues that, because of the no boundary proposal, a contracting universe would not have a well-defined thermodynamic arrow and therefore only a Universe which is in an expansion phase can support intelligent life. Using the weak anthropic principle, Hawking goes on to argue that the thermodynamic arrow must agree with the cosmological arrow in order for either to be observed by intelligent life. This, in Hawking's view, is why humans experience these three arrows of time going in the same direction. === Chapter 10: Wormholes and Time Travel === In this chapter, Hawking discusses whether it is possible to time travel, i.e., travel into the future or the past. He shows how physicists have attempted to devise possible methods by humans with advanced technology may be able to travel faster than the speed of light, or travel backwards in time, and these concepts have become mainstays of science fiction. Einstein–Rosen bridges were proposed early in the history of general relativity research. These "wormholes" would appear identical to black holes from the outside, but matter which entered would be relocated to a different location in spacetime, potentially in a distant region of space, or even backwards in time. However, later research demonstrated that such a wormhole, even if possible for it to form in the first place, would not allow any material to pass through before turning back into a regular black hole. The only way that a wormhole could theoretically remain open, and thus allow faster-than-light travel or time travel, would require the existence of exotic matter with negative energy density, which violates the energy conditions of general relativity. As such, almost all physicists agree that faster-than- light travel and travel backwards in time are not possible. Hawking also describes his own "chronology protection conjecture", which provides a more formal explanation for why faster-than-light and backwards time travel are almost certainly impossible. === Chapter 11: The Unification of Physics === Quantum field theory (QFT) and general relativity (GR) describe the physics of the Universe with astounding accuracy within their own domains of applicability. However, these two theories contradict each other. For example, the uncertainty principle of QFT is incompatible with GR. This contradiction, and the fact that QFT and GR do not fully explain observed phenomena, have led physicists to search for a theory of "quantum gravity" that is both internally consistent and explains observed phenomena just as well as or better than existing theories do. Hawking is cautiously optimistic that such a unified theory of the Universe may be found soon, in spite of significant challenges. At the time the book was written, "superstring theory" had emerged as the most popular theory of quantum gravity, but this theory and related string theories were still incomplete and had yet to be proven in spite of significant effort (this remains the case as of 2021). String theory proposes that particles behave like one-dimensional "strings", rather than as dimensionless particles as they do in QFT. These strings "vibrate" in many dimensions. Instead of 3 dimensions as in QFT or 4 dimensions as in GR, superstring theory requires a total of 10 dimensions. The nature of the six "hyperspace" dimensions required by superstring theory are difficult if not impossible to study, leaving countless theoretical string theory landscapes which each describe a universe with different properties. Without a means to narrow the scope of possibilities, it is likely impossible to find practical applications for string theory. Alternative theories of quantum gravity, such as loop quantum gravity, similarly suffer from a lack of evidence and difficulty to study. Hawking thus proposes three possibilities: 1) there exists a complete unified theory that we will eventually find; 2) the overlapping characteristics of different landscapes will allow us to gradually explain physics more accurately with time and 3) there is no ultimate theory. The third possibility has been sidestepped by acknowledging the limits set by the uncertainty principle. The second possibility describes what has been happening in physical sciences so far, with increasingly accurate partial theories. Hawking believes that such refinement has a limit and that by studying the very early stages of the Universe in a laboratory setting, a complete theory of Quantum Gravity will be found in the 21st century allowing physicists to solve many of the currently unsolved problems in physics. === Conclusion === In this final chapter, Hawking summarises the efforts made by humans through their history to understand the Universe and their place in it: starting from the belief in anthropomorphic spirits controlling nature, followed by the recognition of regular patterns in nature, and finally with the scientific advancement in recent centuries, the inner workings of the universe have become far better understood. He recalls the suggestion of the nineteenth-century French mathematician Laplace that the Universe's structure and evolution could eventually be precisely explained by a set of laws whose origin is left in God's domain. However, Hawking states that the uncertainty principle introduced by the quantum theory in the twentieth century has set limits to the predictive accuracy of future laws to be discovered. Hawking comments that historically, the study of cosmology (the study of the origin, evolution, and end of Earth and the Universe as a whole) has been primarily motivated by a search for philosophical and religious insights, for instance, to better understand the nature of God, or even whether God exists at all. However, for Hawking, most scientists today who work on these theories approach them with mathematical calculation and empirical observation, rather than asking such philosophical questions. In his mind, the increasingly technical nature of these theories have caused modern cosmology to become increasingly divorced from philosophical discussion. Hawking nonetheless expresses hope that one day everybody would talk about these theories in order to understand the true origin and nature of the Universe, and accomplish "the ultimate triumph of human reasoning". == Editions == * 1988: The first edition included an introduction by Carl Sagan that tells the following story: Sagan was in London for a scientific conference in 1974, and between sessions he wandered into a different room, where a larger meeting was taking place. "I realized that I was watching an ancient ceremony: the investiture of new fellows into the Royal Society, one of the most ancient scholarly organizations on the planet. In the front row, a young man in a wheelchair was, very slowly, signing his name in a book that bore on its earliest pages the signature of Isaac Newton ... Stephen Hawking was a legend even then." In his introduction, Sagan goes on to add that Hawking is the "worthy successor" to Newton and Paul Dirac, both former Lucasian Professors of Mathematics. The introduction was removed after the first edition, as it was copyrighted by Sagan, rather than by Hawking or the publisher, and the publisher did not have the right to reprint it in perpetuity. Hawking wrote his own introduction for later editions. * 1994, A brief history of time – An interactive adventure. A CD-Rom with interactive video material created by S. W. Hawking, Jim Mervis, and Robit Hairman (available for Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows ME, and Windows XP).A brief history of time – An interactive adventure * 1996, Illustrated, updated and expanded edition: This hardcover edition contained full-color illustrations and photographs to help further explain the text, as well as the addition of topics that were not included in the original book. * 1998, Tenth- anniversary edition: It features the same text as the one published in 1996, but was also released in paperback and has only a few diagrams included. * 2005, A Briefer History of Time: a collaboration with Leonard Mlodinow of an abridged version of the original book. It was updated again to address new issues that had arisen due to further scientific development. == Film == In 1991, Errol Morris directed a documentary film about Hawking, but although they share a title, the film is a biographical study of Hawking, and not a filmed version of the book. == Apps == "Stephen Hawking's Pocket Universe: A Brief History of Time Revisited" is based on the book. The app was developed by Preloaded for Transworld publishers, a division of the Penguin Random House group. The app was produced in 2016. It was designed by Ben Courtney (now of Lego) and produced by video game production veteran Jemma Harris (now of Sony) and is available on iOS only. == Opera == The Metropolitan Opera commissioned an opera to premiere in the 2015–2016 season based on Hawking's book. It was to be composed by Osvaldo Golijov with a libretto by Alberto Manguel in a production by Robert Lepage. The planned opera was changed to be about a different subject and eventually canceled completely. == See also == *Turtles all the way down – a jocular expression of the infinite regress problem in cosmology that appears in Hawking's book * *List of textbooks on classical mechanics and quantum mechanics *List of textbooks in thermodynamics and statistical mechanics *Hawking Index – a mock mathematical measurement of how far people will read a book before giving up, named in reference to Hawking's book. == References == == External links == * Photos of the first edition of A Brief History of Time Category:1988 non-fiction books Category:Books by Stephen Hawking Category:English-language books Category:Popular physics books Category:Cosmology books Category:Bantam Books books
67307639	A Kenny Lattimore Christmas	A Kenny Lattimore Christmas is the eighth studio album by American singer Kenny Lattimore. It was released by Sincere Soul Records and Motown Gospel on October 21, 2016. His first Christmas album, A Kenny Lattimore Christmas reached number 37 on the US Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums chart. ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart (2016) Peak position == References == Category:2016 Christmas albums Category:Kenny Lattimore albums
67333877	A Gangsta's Pain	A Gangsta's Pain is the fourth studio album by American rapper Moneybagg Yo. It was released on April 23, 2021, through Roc Nation, Collective Music Group, Bread Gang Entertainment, N-Less Entertainment, and Interscope Records. The album features guest appearances from Kaash Paige, Big30, Future, Tripstar, Polo G, Lil Durk, Jhené Aiko, and Pharrell Williams. The album debuted atop the US Billboard 200, earning 110,000 album-equivalent units, becoming Moneybagg Yo's first US number-one album. The deluxe edition with 6 new songs was released on October 22, 2021, with additional guest appearances from EST Gee, Pooh Shiesty, Big Homiie G, Yung Bleu, Janiyah, Lil Wayne, Ashanti, and DJ Khaled. == Background == In 2020, Moneybagg Yo released two projects: his third studio album, Time Served, and Code Red, a collaborative mixtape with fellow American rapper Blac Youngsta. Both projects debuted and peaked in the top 10 of the Billboard 200, at number 3 and number 6, respectively. The former album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). ==Release and promotion== On March 12, 2021, Moneybagg Yo announced that the album was completed and ready to go with it being released in 2021, but did not have an exact release date planned. He subtly revealed the title of the album on March 26, 2021, the same day that he and American rapper Future released the single "Hard for the Next", the second single from A Gangsta's Pain. However, he revealed its title explicitly along with its cover and pre-order link through social media on April 14, 2021. The track listing was revealed on April 21, 2021, but was shared the previous day on Apple Music. === Singles === "Time Today" was released as the lead single of the album alongside the official music video on February 3, 2021. "Hard for the Next", a collaboration with American rapper Future, was released on March 26, 2021, as the album's second single. "Wockesha" was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio on August 10, 2021, as the third single. "Scorpio" from the deluxe edition was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio on November 16, 2021, as the fourth single. The first and only promotional single, "Go", a collaboration with American rapper Big30, was released on April 14, 2021, the same day Moneybagg Yo announced the album. == Critical reception == Nadine Smith of Pitchfork rated the album 6.8 out of 10, writing "At his best, the stalwart Memphis rapper excels at heart-on-sleeve, bluesy songwriting, and his new album shows him deepening and opening up." Writing for HipHopDX, Josh Svetz rated the album 3.8 out of 5, saying "Atlanta trap, Southern pain rap, etc., Moneybagg possesses an innate ability to ride on all the trending sounds and help boost a song with his presence: a welcome addition to any single." == Commercial performance == A Gangsta's Pain debuted atop the US Billboard 200 dated May 8, 2021, earning 110,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, with almost all of this figure coming from streams. In its second week, the album dropped to number two on the chart, earning an additional 70,000 units. The album returned to number one on the chart in its third week, earning an additional 61,000 units. == Track listing == A Gangsta's Pain: Reloaded track listing adds these seven tracks to the beginning of the original album: #"Switches & Dracs" (featuring Lil Durk and EST Gee) – 2:13 #"Wat Be Wrong??" – 2:11 #"Gave It" (featuring Big Homiie G) – 2:52 #"This Feeling" (featuring Yung Bleu and Ja'niyah) – 3:28 #"Scorpio" – 2:45 #"Another One" (with DJ Khaled) – 3:40 #"Wockesha" (Remix with Lil Wayne and Ashanti) – 3:37 Sample credits * "Wockesha" contains samples from "Stay with Me", performed by DeBarge. * "Hard for the Next" contains samples from "Differences", performed by Ginuwine. * "Scorpio" contains samples from "How's It Goin' Down", performed by DMX. ==Personnel== Credits adapted from Tidal. * Moneybagg Yo – rap vocals * Anjae Rayford – additional vocals * Trenten DeWick – additional vocals * Pharrell Williams – background vocals * Colin Leonard – mastering engineer * Ari Morris – mixer * Real Red – recording engineer * Mike Larson – recording engineer * Logan Schmitz – assistant mixer * Ben Sedano – assistant recording engineer * Morgan David – assistant recording engineer ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Weekly chart performance for A Gangsta's Pain Chart (2021) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== 2021 year-end chart performance for A Gangsta's Pain Chart (2021) Position US Billboard 200 26 US Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums (Billboard) 13 2022 year-end chart performance for A Gangsta's Pain Chart (2022) Position US Billboard 200 62 US Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums (Billboard) 40 == Certifications == ==References== Category:2021 albums Category:Moneybagg Yo albums Category:Collective Music Group albums
673878	A Grand Don't Come for Free	A Grand Don't Come for Free is the second studio album by English rapper and producer Mike Skinner, under the music project the Streets. It was released on 17 May 2004 and is listed in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die. It is a rap opera and concept album that follows the story of its protagonist's relationship with a girl named Simone, alongside the mysterious loss of £1,000 from his home (the eponymous "grand"). ==Plot== In the story, the protagonist loses £1,000, or a "grand" in slang terms, and strives to recoup the money. In his book The Story of the Streets, Skinner explained his decision to create a story that ran through the album: In the first track on the album, "It Was Supposed to Be So Easy", Skinner attempts several tasks during a day but they do not go according to plan. When he comes home he cannot find the £1,000 he has saved and his television is broken. In the process of trying to recover the money he: *Starts seeing a girl called Simone who works in JD Sports with his friend Dan. ("Could Well Be In") *Tries to recover the £1,000 by gambling on football. After a series of wins, he frustratingly cannot get to the bookmakers in time to make a big gamble. Fortuitously, the prediction is wrong — it is his lucky day. ("Not Addicted") *Is stood up at a nightclub by Simone, but passes the time drinking alcohol and taking ecstasy. He thinks he sees Simone kissing Dan but the drug-induced high distracts him before he can think about it properly. ("Blinded By the Lights") *Moves into Simone's house and finds himself comfortable smoking marijuana there, rather than drinking with his friends at the pub. ("Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way") *Argues with Simone and gets kicked out of her house. ("Get Out of My House") *Poses to impress a girl in a take away restaurant during a heavy night drinking on holiday. ("Fit But You Know It") * Flies back from the holiday and remorsefully reviews the events of the previous night during a phone call to a friend, realising he still wants to be with Simone. ("Such a Twat") *Suspects his mate Scott of stealing his coat, money, and girlfriend but discovers that Simone is actually having an affair with Dan. ("What is He Thinking?") *Tries to cope with his girlfriend breaking up with him. ("Dry Your Eyes") *Deals with the events of his life in one of two ways; the final track, "Empty Cans", features two endings to the plot, a bitter ending and a happy ending (the former where he and a TV repairman get into a fight over the repairman's fee, and the latter in which he reconciles with his mates and finds the £1,000 had fallen down the back of the TV, making it malfunction). *The B-side of the UK single release of "Fit But You Know It" is the song "Soaked by the Ale". The story of this song takes place between the events of "Fit But You Know It" and "Such a Twat". It documents one of Skinner's mates being annoyed at Mike for stealing a tub of ice cream whilst on holiday in Spain as a result of his excessive drinking. The chronological order is identified in "Such a Twat" where Skinner raps "And that incident with the ice cream I forgot, it all ended in our vodka". Like the Streets' debut album Original Pirate Material the album was recorded in a flat in south London, but this time in Skinner's own flat in Stockwell which he had bought using the money he had received upon signing his publishing deal. ==Artwork== The front cover of the album features Skinner posing in a bus shelter at night, taken by British photographer Ewen Spencer. ==Singles== The first single from the album, "Fit But You Know It" reached number four on the UK Singles Charts with the second single, "Dry Your Eyes" entering the UK Charts at number one. The album itself reached number one in the UK Album Charts, number eleven in Australia and number eighty-two in the United States. *"Fit But You Know It" Released: 3 May 2004 No. 4 UK *"Dry Your Eyes" Released: 26 July 2004 No. 1 UK *"Blinded by the Lights" Released: 4 October 2004 No. 10 UK *"Could Well Be In" Released: 6 December 2004 No. 30 UK ==Critical reception== Critical response for the album, like for his previous album, was near universally positive. It currently scores 91/100 on Metacritic, slightly higher than his previous album, which scored 90/100. Critics noted the difference in style compared to Skinner's debut album. In Q, Garry Mulholland said that instead of thinking of the record as a concept album, it was more like "a spoken-word opera, or a short story with an exquisitely crafted pop soundtrack". Calling it "the best album of 2004 so far, and by some distance", Mulholland concluded that "if [Skinner] sees a darkness in the private hell of the everyday, it's an inspiring one", and that the album "puts forth a musical argument that our own lives are more important and relevant than the aspirational celebrity imagery that dominates 21st century pop." The Guardian said that the album "raises the stakes to such an extent that it sounds literally unprecedented: there isn't really any other album like this", and PopMatters stated that Skinner "is now in a class all his own; nobody else is making music like this." Trouser Press said that "Skinner seems both edgier and more contemplative". Pat Blashill of Rolling Stone called A Grand Don't Come for Free "the best British hip-hop concept album ever" and stated that "it is both simpler – in sound and scope – than Pirate and more ambitious". He was impressed by Skinner's ability with "tickling and tearing vowels, adverbs and lexicons", but, above all, "his real gift is literary". He concluded that the story was "thoroughly mundane ... yet Skinner's ear for language and detail keeps it vivid, and hilarious". "In a previous decade, A Grand Don't Come for Free would have been a rock opera, and it would have taken itself very seriously," observed Blender. "But Skinner isn't interested in pinball wizards or ancient alien races ... [It] demands the same attention as a movie, and that's why some people will hate it while others will find it uniquely riveting."Lynskey, Dorian: "Game Boy", Blender, May 2004, p.130 The Austin Chronicle named the album "the first hip-hop classic of the new millennium." Online music magazine Pitchfork placed A Grand Don't Come for Free at number 129 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s. Music magazine NME placed the album at number 16 on their list of "top 50 albums of the noughties". ==Track listing== ==Charts and certifications== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2004) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2004) Position Australian Albums (ARIA) 100 Belgian Albums (Ultratop Flanders) 71 UK Albums (OCC) 13 Chart (2005) Position UK Albums (OCC) 180 ===Certifications=== ==References== ==Bibliography== * Category:2004 albums Category:679 Artists albums Category:Albums produced by Mike Skinner (musician) Category:Concept albums Category:The Streets albums Category:Rap operas
67425626	A Grandchild's Guide to Using Grandpa's Computer	"A Grandchild's Guide to Using Grandpa's Computer" is a humorous poem composed by Gene Ziegler in 1994. It was widely plagiarized on the internet and in print under the title "If Dr. Seuss Were a Technical Writer". ==Composition== In 1994, Gene Ziegler, then a professor at Cornell University, faced a calamity when his young grandson and the boy's older brother "significantly rearranged" the resources on his Macintosh computer. He composed "A Grandchild's Guide to Using Grandpa's Computer" in an hour that evening. ==Publication history== Ziegler has stated that he wrote the poem for his internet friends and it was disseminated through emails, newsgroups and websites, quickly going viral in several countries. It was first published in NetGuide magazine in March 1995 and in the Seattle Times later that year, and has generated more than a thousand requests to be reproduced. Early in the poem's history, an unidentified person edited the poem, halving its size, and spread it under the title "If Dr. Seuss Were a Technical Writer" attributed to "Anonymous". Ziegler wrote to numerous webmasters to remove the plagiarized version but soon abandoned this as it was spreading faster than he could hope to deal with it. Instead, he responded with the 26-line poem "Hang the Information Highwayman!" as a general appeal to respect the works of others. The plagiarized version of the poem, erroneously believed to be in the public domain, has been widely reproduced in humour and technical publications, such as the July 1995 issue of Network World. Ziegler's version has been used by teachers, journalists, and speech therapists, and is often cited in discussions of internet publishing ethics. It was twice set to music – once by a rapper, and once in a Gilbert and Sullivan style by a music teacher – and part of it is recited in the closing credits of Canadian TV show Dotto's Data Café. ==References== ==External links== *Poetry index at Gene Ziegler's official website **"A Grandchild's Guide to Using Grandpa's Computer" at Gene Ziegler's official website Category:English-language poems Category:Humorous poems Category:Works originally published in magazines Category:1994 poems
6773012	A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of theUltraworld	"A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld" is the debut single by the ambient house group The Orb. It was originally released in October 1989 and made the UK Singles Chart in 1990, peaking at #78. The 'Peel Session' version was also voted into #10 place in John Peel's 1990 Festive Fifty. In April 1991, it was released on the debut album The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld. The title is taken from a sound effects track from Blake's 7 on BBC Sound Effects No. 26 - Sci-Fi Sound Effects titled "The Core, A Huge Evergrowing Pulsating Brain which Rules from the Centre of Ultraworld". The ethereal chord progression used throughout was sampled from the Grace Jones classic "Slave to the Rhythm" in particular the album version (6'35) The song was featured on the soundtrack of the video game Grand Theft Auto: Episodes from Liberty City. ==History== Throughout 1989, The Orb, along with Martin "Youth" Glover, developed the musical genre of ambient house through use of a diverse array of samples and recordings. The culmination of their musical work came when The Orb recorded a session for John Peel on BBC Radio 1. The track, then known as "Loving You", was largely improvisational; it included sound effects and samples from science fiction radio plays, nature sounds, and Minnie Riperton's "Lovin' You". For its release as a single on record label Big Life, The Orb changed the title to "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain That Rules From the Centre of the Ultraworld". Upon the single's release, Riperton's management forced Big Life to remove the unlicensed Riperton sample, ensuring that only the initial first-week release of the single contained the original vocals of Minnie Riperton; subsequent pressings used vocals from a sound-alike. The single is 19 minutes and seven seconds long. It reached #78 on the UK singles chart. For their early releases The Orb often included "Orbital" remixes, which were by the band themselves. Following this single and its immediate follow-up the band discontinued the practice in order to avoid confusion with the band Orbital. UK Singles Chart Week 01 02 03 Position ==Track listing== ===12": WAU! Mr.Modo / MWS 17T (UK)=== # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain... – Loving You" (Orbital Mix) – 19:07 # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain..." (Bucket and Spade Mix) – 5:50 # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain..." (Why Is Six Scared of Seven?) – 5:30 * Released October 1989 ===12": WAU! Mr.Modo / MWS 17R (UK)=== # "A Huge Ever Growing Remix" (Orbital Dance Mix) – 7:05 # "A Huge Ever Growing Remix" (Orbital Radio Mix) – 3:34 # "A Huge Ever Growing Remix" (Aubrey Mix Mk 2) – 8:38 * Released January 1990 ===CD: Big Life / BLR 270CD (UK)=== # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain... – Loving You" (Orbital Mix) – 19:07 * Called "Compactdisc" * Released June 1990, re-issued March 1994 [BLRDB 27] ===CD: Big Life / BLR 27CD (UK)=== # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain..." (Orbital Dance Mix) – 8:19 # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain..." (Orbital 9AM Radio Mix) – 3:11 # "A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain..." (Aubrey Mix Mk 1) – 6:06 * Labeled as "Jimmy Cauty Remixes" * "Aubrey Mix Mk 1" is an edit of "Aubrey Mix Mk 2" * Called "Compactdisco" * Released July 1990, re-issued March 1994 [BLRDA 27] ==References== Category:1989 songs Category:1989 debut singles Category:The Orb songs Category:Songs written by Simon Darlow Category:Songs written by Stephen Lipson Category:Songs written by Bruce Woolley Category:Songs written by Trevor Horn Category:Songs written by Minnie Riperton Category:Songs written by Richard Rudolph Category:Big Life Records singles
680100	A Little Less Conversation	"A Little Less Conversation" is a 1968 song recorded by American singer Elvis Presley, written by Mac Davis and Billy Strange and published by Gladys Music, Inc., originally performed in the film Live a Little, Love a Little. The song became a minor hit in the United States when released as a single with "Almost in Love" as the A-side. A 2002 remix by Dutch musician Junkie XL of a later re-recording of the song by Presley became a worldwide hit, topping the singles charts in nine countries and was awarded certifications in ten countries by 2003. The song has made numerous appearances in popular culture and has been covered by several artists. ==Original recordings== "A Little Less Conversation" was first recorded on March 7, 1968, at Western Recorders in Hollywood, California, and released on a single backed by "Almost in Love", another song from the movie. The song was not released on an LP until November 1970, when it was included on the RCA Camden budget label LP Almost in Love. There are several different takes that were made of the song in the session on March 7. The single version used take 16, which was also used for the soundtrack of the film. The version released on the Almost in Love album is take 10, which is 1 second longer in duration. The musicians on the March 7 recording session included Hal Blaine, drums; Al Casey, guitar and Larry Knechtel, bass.Jorgensen, Ernst, Elvis Presley, A Life in Music: The Complete Recording Sessions St. Martin's Press, New York, 1998 p. 243 The backing vocalists on the March 7 recording session and alternate version were BJ Baker, Sally Stevens, Bob Tebo, and John Bahler. Many think that The Blossoms sang background vocals on this song but that was listed on the liner notes by mistake. There was one session where alternate versions were recorded using the same vocalists.Joseph A Tunzi ==1968 television special re-recording== It was thought Presley re-recorded the song in June 1968 for the soundtrack of his 1968 comeback special, with the intent of performing it during the program (in part due to Live a Little, Love a Little being scheduled for release about a month before the special's broadcast date). Ultimately, it was decided not to use this recording, and the song was dropped from the planned special. The newer version transposed the key of A major recording of three months earlier into E major and featured a vocal and heavy reverb with backup vocals from The Blossoms. In the mid-1990s, Joseph A. Tunzi sold this recording to Bertelsmann Music Group and it was initially included on the 1998 release Memories: The '68 Comeback Special. Tunzi had been the first to document this recording in his 1996 book Elvis Sessions II: The Recorded Music of Elvis Aron Presley 1953-1977.Elvis Sessions II: The Recorded Music of Elvis Aron Presley 1953-1977, JAT Publishing, 1996, , Joseph A. Tunzi, Introduction by Al Pachucki, Pages 139 and 399 After the tapes from the original session were rediscovered, it is now known to be take 2, recorded on March 7, 1968. ===Charts=== Chart (1968) Peak position US Billboard Hot 100 69 ==Junkie XL / JXL remix== Following the song's use in the 2001 film Ocean's Eleven, "A Little Less Conversation" was remixed by Dutch musician Tom Holkenborg, better known as Junkie XL (billed as JXL). The electronic remix featured Elvis with his baritone voice, and added emphasis to the 1968 guitars, horns, and a funk drum beat. Holkenborg is the first artist outside the Presley organization to receive authorization from the Presley estate to remix a Presley song. (in the 1980s, Elvis' longtime producer Felton Jarvis had overseen remixes of a number of Elvis recordings that saw new backing added to Presley's original vocals, the first of which were released as the album Guitar Man in 1981). The electronic version of the song became a number-one hit in the UK in 2002. The song also became a top 10 hit in upwards of 17 other countries, reaching number-one in 13 of them. In 2002, the TV special version of "A Little Less Conversation" remixed by Junkie XL was used for Nike's 2002 FIFA World Cup advertising campaign, titled "Secret Tournament". A single, credited to "Elvis vs. JXL", was issued and went on to become a number-one hit in over 20 countries. At about the same time, a compilation of Presley's US and UK number-one chart hits, titled ELV1S: 30 No. 1 Hits, was being prepared for release. At the last minute, "A Little Less Conversation (Junkie's remix version)" was added as the album's 31st and final track, just before its release in October 2002. The full 6:09 version was edited slightly and extended to 6:22, and this version was featured on the US version of Junkie XL's 2003 album Radio JXL: A Broadcast from the Computer Hell Cabin. The song is used for the first half of the end credits of the 2023 superhero movie, Shazam! Fury of the Gods. ===Chart performance=== In the United States, the song peaked at number 50 on the Billboard Hot 100. It also spent four consecutive weeks at number-one on the UK Singles Chart, which is the only number-one hit by Elvis Presley to be released after his death in 1977. The song was re-released as a single in the United Kingdom in 2005, and reached No. 3. ===Charts=== ====Weekly charts==== Weekly chart performance for "A Little Less Conversation" in 2002 Chart (2002) Peak position Australian Club Chart (ARIA) 1 Canada (Nielsen SoundScan) 1 Croatia (HRT) 5 Czech Republic (IFPI) 8 Europe (European Hot 100 Singles) 2 Greece (IFPI) 7 Poland (Polish Airplay Charts) 9 Romania (Romanian Top 100) 2 Weekly chart performance for "A Little Less Conversation" in 2005 Chart (2005) Peak position ====Year-end charts==== Year-end chart performance for "A Little Less Conversation" in 2002 Chart (2002) Position Australia (ARIA) 3 Australian Club Chart (ARIA) 38 Australian Dance (ARIA) 1 Austria (Ö3 Austria Top 40) 21 Belgium (Ultratop 50 Flanders) 16 Belgium (Ultratop 50 Wallonia) 44 Canada (Nielsen SoundScan) 4 Europe (European Hot 100) 13 France (SNEP) 75 Germany (Official German Charts) 30 Ireland (IRMA) 11 Italy (FIMI) 18 Netherlands (Dutch Top 40) 8 Netherlands (Single Top 100) 7 New Zealand (Recorded Music NZ) 20 Spain (PROMUSICAE) Click on Música grabada. 9 Sweden (Sverigetopplistan) 7 Switzerland (Schweizer Hitparade) 5 UK Singles (OCC) 5 Year-end chart performance for "A Little Less Conversation" in 2005 Chart (2005) Position UK Singles (OCC) 155 ====Decade-end charts==== Decade-end chart performance for "A Little Less Conversation" from 2000 to 2009 Chart (2000–2009) Position Australia (ARIA) 36 Netherlands (Single Top 100) 61 UK Singles (OCC)BBC Radio 1 Chart of the Decade, as presented by DJ Nihal on December 29, 2009 31 ===Certifications=== ===Release history=== Region Date Format(s) Label(s) United Kingdom June 10, 2002 Australia June 17, 2002 CD United States July 8, 2002 Radio ==References== Category:Elvis Presley songs Category:1968 singles Category:2002 singles Category:Television theme songs Category:Number-one singles in Australia Category:Canadian Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Number-one singles in New Zealand Category:Number- one singles in Denmark Category:Number-one singles in Hungary Category:Number- one singles in Switzerland Category:Number-one singles in Norway Category:Number-one singles in Scotland Category:Number-one singles in Sweden Category:UK Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Irish Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Songs written by Mac Davis Category:Songs written by Billy Strange Category:1968 songs Category:Songs written for films Category:RCA Records singles Category:Bertelsmann Music Group singles
68106371	A Galaxy Next Door	is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gido Amagakure. It has been serialized in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Good! Afternoon since April 2020. An anime television series adaptation by Asahi Production and a television drama adaptation both premiered in April 2023. ==Characters== ; : : ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ==Media== ===Manga=== A Galaxy Next Door, written and illustrated by Gido Amagakure, started in Kodansha's seinen manga magazine Good! Afternoon on April 7, 2020. The series finished on May 6, 2023; an epilogue chapter will be published on June 7 of the same year. Kodansha has collected its chapters into individual tankōbon volumes. The first volume was released on November 6, 2020. As of November 7, 2022, five volumes have been released. In June 2021, Kodansha USA announced the English release of the manga in North America. The first volume was released on April 26, 2022. ====Volume list==== ===Drama=== In January 2023, television drama adaptation was announced, with Yoshihito Okashita, Izuru Kumasaka, Masayuki Kokuryō serving as directors. It premiered on NHK on April 3, 2023. ===Anime=== In April 2022, it was announced that the series will receive an anime television series adaptation. It is produced by Asahi Production and directed by Ryuichi Kimura, with scripts written by Gigaemon Ichikawa, and character designs handled by Fuyuka Ōtaki. The series aired from April 9 to June 25, 2023, on Tokyo MX and BS11. The opening theme song is by Chinatsu Matsumoto, while the ending theme song is "Near Stella" by Yū Wakui. Crunchyroll licensed the series outside of Asia. Medialink licensed the series in Asia and Oceania (except Australia and New Zealand) and streamed it on the Ani-One YouTube channels, Amazon Prime Video and Bilibili. ====Episode list==== ==See also== *Sweetness and Lightning, another manga series by the same author ==Notes== ==References== ==External links== * * * Category:2023 anime television series debuts Category:2023 Japanese television series debuts Category:Anime series based on manga Category:Asahi Production Category:Crunchyroll anime Category:Extraterrestrials in anime and manga Category:Kodansha manga Category:Manga adapted into television series Category:Manga creation in anime and manga Category:Medialink Category:NHK television dramas Category:Romantic comedy anime and manga Category:Science fiction anime and manga Category:Seinen manga Category:Tokyo MX original programming
68112092	A Fleeting Moment in My Country	thumb|First edition (publ. Clarity Press) A Fleeting Moment in My Country: The Last Years of the LTTE De-Facto State is a book by Dr N. Malathy did a PhD in the University of Canterbury in New Zealand. They spent four years from 2005 till 2009 in the then rebel LTTE administered Vanni a de facto state. The book deals with experiences of her work in a human rights body, a women's organization, and an orphanage. The life in the rebel held areas and brutal end to the Sri Lankan Civil War in which thousands of Tamils died. ==References== Category:2012 non-fiction books Category:Sri Lankan Civil War books
68255267	A Duke and No Duke	A Duke and No Duke is a 1684 comedy play by the Irish writer Nahum Tate.Canfield p.185 It was originally staged by the United Company at the Drury Lane Theatre in London with a cast including John Wiltshire as Lavinio, Thomas Gillow as Barberino, Joseph Williams as Alberto, Anthony Leigh as Trappolin, Thomas Percival as Mago, Elizabeth Currer as Isabella and Susannah Percival as Prudentia.Van Lennep p.328 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Canfield, J. Douglas. Tricksters and Estates: On the Ideology of Restoration Comedy. University Press of Kentucky, 2014. * Van Lennep, W. The London Stage, 1660-1800: Volume One, 1660-1700. Southern Illinois University Press, 1960. Category:1684 plays Category:West End plays Category:Restoration comedy Category:Plays by Nahum Tate
68268410	A Fond Husband	A Fond Husband; Or, The Plotting Sisters also known as The Fond Husband is a 1677 comedy play by the English writer Thomas D'Urfey. It was first staged by the Duke's Company at London's Dorset Garden Theatre with a cast that included William Smith as Rashley, Henry Harris as Ranger, James Nokes as Peregrine Bubble, Anthony Leigh as Old Fumble, Samuel Sandford as Sir Roger Petulant, Thomas Jevon as Sneak, John Richards as Spatterdash, Thomas Percival as Apothecary, Elizabeth Barry as Emillia, Rebecca Marshall as Maria and Margaret Hughes as Cordelia.Van Lennep p.257 The published version was dedicated to the Irish statesman James Butler, Duke of Ormonde. It was a popular work and was revived on a number of occasions. ==References== ==Bibliography== * Van Lennep, W. The London Stage, 1660-1800: Volume One, 1660-1700. Southern Illinois University Press, 1960. Category:1677 plays Category:West End plays Category:Plays by Thomas d'Urfey Category:Restoration comedy
68349087	A Fool's Preferment	A Fool's Preferment; Or, The Three Dukes Of Dunstable is a 1688 comedy play by the English writer Thomas D'Urfey. It is a reworking of John Fletcher's Jacobean work The Noble Gentleman. It was first performed by the United Company at the Dorset Garden Theatre in London. Henry Purcell composed the play's incidental music. It was his first major work composing for the theatre in seven years since Sir Barnaby Whigg.Price p.155 The original cast featured James Nokes as Cocklebrain, Anthony Leigh as Justice, William Mountfort as Lyonel, Edward Kynaston as Clermont, George Powell as Longevile, John Bowman as Bewford, Thomas Jevon as Toby, Martin Powell as Usher and Elizabeth Boutell as Aurelia.Van Lennep p.362-63 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Canfield, J. Douglas. Tricksters and Estates: On the Ideology of Restoration Comedy. University Press of Kentucky, 2014. * Price, Curtis A. Henry Purcell and the London Stage. Cambridge University Press, 1984. * Van Lennep, W. The London Stage, 1660-1800: Volume One, 1660-1700. Southern Illinois University Press, 1960. Category:1688 plays Category:West End plays Category:Plays by Thomas d'Urfey Category:Restoration comedy
6841973	A Glass of Blessings	A Glass of Blessings is a novel by Barbara Pym, first published in 1958. It deals with the growing estrangement of a well-to-do married couple and the means by which harmony is restored. ==Plot summary== The central character and narrator, Wilmet Forsyth, is the thirty-three-year-old wife of a civil servant, Rodney, with a comfortable though routine life. She does not need to work and enjoys a life of leisure. When not lunching or shopping she occupies her time, somewhat guiltily, with occasional "good works", particularly at the instigation of Sybil, her slightly eccentric do-gooder mother-in-law, whose house Wilmet and Rodney share. She becomes drawn into the social life of her church, St Luke's, and there makes a change for the good in the lives of two other characters. The kleptomaniac Wilf Bason has to resign from the government ministry where Rodney works and she arranges for Wilf to become housekeeper at the clergy house. She also gives support to Mary, a ‘mousy’ worshipper, who goes to live for a trial period in a convent after the death of her mother, but later marries the handsome curate. After a church service, Wilmet renews acquaintance with her close friend Rowena's attractive but ne'er-do-well brother, Piers Longridge. She and Sybil go to his evening classes in Portuguese. Wilmet develops a romantic interest in Piers, and begins to believe that he is her secret admirer. Wilmet fails to realise that Piers is gay, until she becomes aware of his relationship with Keith, a lower- class young man with a Leicester accent. But Keith comes in useful later, helping her to choose furniture after she and Rodney have to find somewhere new to live following Sybil's remarriage. Rodney confesses that he has taken a colleague, Prudence Bates, out for dinner on a couple of occasions, but there was nothing more than that. The move brings Rodney and Wilmet closer together at the same time as troubles are resolved for some of the other characters. ==Publication history and reception== A Glass of Blessings was Pym's fifth novel and was published by Jonathan Cape in 1958. Pym's working title for the novel was The Clergy House. The book received less critical attention than Pym's previous novels, and she noted in a diary entry that none of the reviews was "wholly good". There she was described as "tone-deaf to dialogue" and "moderately amusing". Pym later recalled that - of her first six novels - Glass was the worst reviewed.Pym 1984, p.203 The novel sold 3,071 copies in its first printing - fewer than any of Pym's previous novels.Holt 1990, p.194 The novel was first published in the United States by E.P. Dutton in 1980. The novel was published in Germany in 1995 as Ein Glas voll Segen, in Spain in 2010 as Los hombres de Wilmet, and in Italy in 2012 as Un sacco di benedizioni. In 2012 too, Hachette released the novel as an audiobook. ==Intertextuality== Barbara Pym often resorted to various kinds of intertextuality in order to give her novels added depth and relevance. In the case of A Glass of Blessings, the title is taken from a line in George Herbert’s poem "The Pulley", which is quoted and commented on in this novel’s final chapter. In the poem, when God first made man and, "having a glass of blessings standing by", all its contents were poured on him except rest, since otherwise he would not appreciate the others with which he was endowed. It is this theme, that a life that does not run smoothly is itself a glass of blessings, that Wilmet has satisfaction in applying to all that has happened to her. There is also an ironical reference back to the source of Wilmet Forsyth's name, which is taken from the heroine of Charlotte M. Yonge's The Pillars of the House. There Yonge's Wilmet Underwood was the mainstay of her family, while the performance of Pym's narrator falls rather short of her achievement. Another form of intertextuality is the way characters from one Pym novel reappear in another. In his introduction to A Glass of Blessings, John Bayley refers to it as "one of her most engaging devices".John Bayley, "Introduction", A Glass of Blessings, Hachette UK 2011 Rodney and Wilmet Forsyth had already made a cameo appearance in Jane and Prudence (1953). Now Prudence serves as catalyst to the renewed closeness between Wilmet and Rodney. Prudence works, Rodney confesses, in the same ministry as him and he had taken her out to dinner on two occasions. This prompts Wilmet to admit to previously unmentioned lunches with Rowena's husband Harry and with Piers. Their stiff conversation then dissolves "into helpless laughter, so that an elderly woman, coming into the lounge to retrieve the knitting she had left there before dinner, retreated quickly and with a look of alarm on her face." Julian and Winifred Malory from Excellent Women (1952) are also mentioned in A Glass of Blessings, as well as Rocky Napier, whom both Wilmet and Rowena remember as a love interest during their war service in Italy. Archdeacon Hoccleve from Pym's debut novel, Some Tame Gazelle makes an appearance, and the character of Catherine Oliphant from Less than Angels is mentioned. The names of two other characters, Oswald Thames and Wilf Bason, were eventually recycled in A Few Green Leaves (1980). ==Themes== Commentators frequently point out that the focus of Barbara Pym's earlier novels is limited to the world of middle class women. Wilmet Forsyth, the narrator in A Glass of Blessings, represents the reasonably affluent end of that microcosm. Without children, with no job or meaningful social function, she is largely cocooned from reality and only comes to an understanding of her situation through exposure to the fascinating Piers and his "slightly common" homosexual partner. Some would regard Pym herself as similarly limited at this stage and judge "the dwindling class relevance of this kind of English social comedy by the way in which Pym was bypassed by [contemporary] literary trends" and lost her publisher soon after.Dominic Head, The Cambridge Introduction to Modern British Fiction, 1950-2000, CUP 2002,pp.76-8 Others see her as objectively ironical and have pointed to the way in which she, in the company of other women novelists of the 1950s, portrays the prop of the social establishment, the Church of England. Unchangeably traditionalist, its supporters remain blind to its growing irrelevance. Andrew Chandler, David Hein, Archbishop Fisher, 1945–1961: Church, State and World, Routledge 2016, pp.7-8 Nowhere is Pym's sympathetic permissiveness more clear than in her attitude to homosexuality, particularly in this novel, although, given the time at which it was published, that is usually referred to in oblique and subtle ways. In fact both 'camp' and 'gay' behaviour are described. The former is found Wilf Bason (and possibly some of the clergy), which led a contemporary reviewer in The Daily Telegraph to note how the "queer goings on of male housekeepers are described with catty accuracy". But whereas this behaviour is made the matter of comedy, it is only Wilmet's misunderstanding of the gay relationship between Piers and Keith that is treated as comic. As a novelist, "Pym just seems to see homosexual characters as part of the world, and depicts them as they are, with no fuss." Nor does she present simply Piers' domestic relationship but extends her depiction to the homosexual sub-culture, as in the scene in the gay coffee-bar, La Cenerentola.Nick Turner, "Not Named Amongst Christians": Debating 'Marginal' Homosexuals in A Glass of Blessings and 1950s England, a paper presented at the Annual General Meeting of the Barbara Pym Society, St. Hilda’s College, Oxford, August 2014 ==Adaptations== A Glass of Blessings was broadcast by BBC 4 in 1991 in an adaptation by Valerie Windsor, produced by Barbara Pym's sister Hilary and the actress Elizabeth Proud.A Few Green Leaves: The Journal of the Barbara Pym Society, Vol. 11, No. 2, November 2005 ==References== ==Further reading== *Orna Raz - Social Dimensions in the Novels of Barbara Pym, 1949-1962: the Writer as Hidden Observer (2007) Category:1958 British novels Category:Novels by Barbara Pym Category:Novels with gay themes Category:Jonathan Cape books Category:1950s LGBT novels
68528975	A Letter to the Liberals	thumb|Painting of Tolstoy writing. "A Letter to the Liberals" (AKA: "A Letter to Russian Liberals") is an 1896 open letter by Leo Tolstoy denouncing not just Liberals, but all political factions that strive to exert political power over the masses. It is directed to Alexandra Kalmykov (1849-1926), a pedagogue who supported the aristocracy. The closing of a national literacy committee was the inspiration that brought Tolstoy to write it and it was written in an atmosphere where the Nihilist movement and the anti-aristocratic agitation was in full swing. ==Content== The tone of the text is explicitly anarchist, to take one line from it: "A Government, therefore, and especially a Government entrusted with military power, is the most dangerous organization possible." Famous Tolstoy-translator Aylmer Maude didn't comment on the tone, but did mention that it was the most important work of Tolstoy in 1896 and clearly expresses his "non-political attitude." Other academics have emphasized the themes of Christian Anarchism appearing in the text, flowing from Tolstoy's "concept of non-resistance to evil." The Positivist Review in 1905 wrote that "neither the Terrorist policy of the revolutionary schools, nor the policy of the Liberals in endeavoring, without violence, to conquer constitutional rights bit by bit, was of any value in combating the Government." ==Influence== In 1908, Vladimir Molotshnikov was arrested in Novgorod by the Okhrana for smuggling copies of Tolstoy into the country, and among the works found, besides copies of "Thou Shalt Not Kill" and "Bethink Yourselves!", were "Six [copies] of the pamphlet, entitled 'A Letter to the Liberals.'" It was influential on Gandhi, who recommended reading it in a letter to Henri Polak in 1919. Gandhi later republished parts of it in Young India on the 10th of November, 1920. Much of his life Gandhi spent redistributing the works of Tolstoy, including this text, even though it was illegal in India. Academic and essayist Milivoy Stoyan Stanoyevich reviewed the letter in 1916, saying that this shows that Tolstoy believed that Liberalism is a "phantasmagoria" that solves "neither educational nor labor problems." ==Publication== The Tolstoyan Vladimir Chertkov republished it in his bulletin, Svobodnoe Slovo, in 1898. It was translated by Leo Wiener in 1904 and Aylmer Maude in the same year. ==See also== * Bibliography of Leo Tolstoy ==References== ==External links== * Original Text ** "A Letter to Russian Liberals", from RevoltLib.com ** "A Letter to Russian Liberals", from Marxists.org Category:Open letters Category:Works by Leo Tolstoy Category:Anarchism in Russia Category:Books about liberalism Category:Books about terrorism
68761411	A Girl from Palestine	A Girl from Palestine (Egyptian Arabic: فتاة من فلسطين translit: Fatah Min Falastin) is a 1948 Egyptian film directed by and starring Mahmoud Zulfikar. == Plot == During 1948 war, an Egyptian fighter pilot stubbornly defends the Palestinian land against the Israeli enemy. In the same air raid, his plane crashes in a Palestinian village, and Salma the Palestinian finds him injured in his foot. She hosts him in her home and works to heal his wounds, which brings the Egyptian and Palestinian hearts closer. Then the film exposes the stories of the Palestinian guerrillas who prefer death to the Zionist occupation, and then we know that Salma's house is nothing but a center for the guerrillas' weapons. The Egyptian pilot admires the girl Salma and her courage until they exchange love and marry in a Palestinian wedding that the guerrillas seduce in the Palestinian popular manner, and the Egyptian pilot returns to complete his mission in defending Palestine. == Main cast == * Mahmoud Zulfikar * Souad Muhammed * Hassan Fayek * Zainab Sedky * Salah Nazmi * Said Khalil * Wafaa Adel * Qadriya Mahmoud == References == == External links == * A Girl from Palestine on elCinema * Category:1948 films Category:Films directed by Mahmoud Zulfikar Category:1940s Arabic-language films Category:Egyptian war films Category:Egyptian black-and-white films
6877746	A Land Remembered	A Land Remembered is a best-selling novel written by author Patrick D. Smith, and published in 1984 by Pineapple Press. It is historical fiction set mostly in pioneer or "cracker" Florida. The story covers over a century of Florida history from 1858 to 1968. It is available in both hardcover and trade paperback editions. There is also a two-volume edition for children, which is used in many Florida schools. ==Plot summary== A Land Remembered focuses on the fictional story of the MacIveys, who migrated from Georgia into Florida in the mid-19th century. After settling, this family struggles to survive in the harsh environment. First they scratch a living from the land and then learn to round up wild cattle and drive them to Punta Rassa to ship to Cuba. Over three generations, they amass more holdings and money, and move further from their connection to the native, untamed land. ==The author== Patrick D. Smith, a multiple award-winning author, was born in Mendenhall, Mississippi, and later moved to Florida in 1966. A Land Remembered is his sixth published novel, following The River Is Home, The Beginning, Forever Island, Allapattah, and Angel City. == Characters == ;Tobias MacIvey :He became rich from cattle herding with his family and later an orange grove. He gets malaria from an attack of several hundred thousand 'skeeters', but is healed (temporarily) by Miami Billie, an Indian medicine man. Died near the end of Zech's piece of the book when he became too weak from the cold to fight his malaria when he tried to save orange trees from a freeze. Is the father of Zech. ;Emma MacIvey :Tobias's wife. Her main occupation is cooking for all the men with the help of Pearlie Mae and Glenda. She never complains. Everybody who know her loves her. She sadly dies from a heart attack a few years before Tobias does. ;Zech MacIvey :The second generation's main character. He lived a somewhat lonely life away from other children and had two dogs, Nip and Tuck who were killed, and a Marsh Tackie horse named Ishmael. He marries Glenda and has the son Solomon, called Sol. He has a fling with an Indian woman named Tawanda, which results in another son, Toby Cypress. Zech is an experienced gunman and horse rider and kills several bandits. When getting revenge his foot is shot and he is weaker till his death in a horse-riding accident and drowns. ;Glenda MacIvey :Zech's wife. She seems more of a tomboy in her adulthood and gives birth to two children throughout her life, one of which ends in a miscarriage. Sadly she dies near the end of Zech's life when she's impaled by a bull. Zech shoots the bull out of rage. ;Solomon MacIvey :The third generation's main character. He lived a sad life of power. After his father's death he became power hungry, wanting to leave a mark with his money and the business his family started. He calls himself "the least of the MacIveys". Eventually he finds Bonnie, a young waitress, and changes. After her death in a hurricane and a reunion with Toby he eventually realizes the destruction his greed has brought upon the land. He goes to Punta Rassa to live his last days. He dies of a heart attack at the end of the book. ;Bonnie :Solomon's love interest. She's the daughter of an abusive father and is hired by Solomon as a housewife. The two live together for almost seven years. They finally admit they want to get married as she and Sol are in the roof rafters trying to ride out a hurricane. She is ripped away from Sol and is counted among the 2,000 dead. Sol later dislikes the lake which carried their house away and dikes it. ;Skillit :A black former slave. He is encountered by Tobias after slavery was banned, wearing only a pair of feed-sack pants. He had nowhere to go, and was on the run when Tobias's dogs found him hiding in a hole. Tobias hires him. He is a great help in catching cows, since he is much stronger than all the other cattle drovers. He eventually marries a former slave, Pearlie Mae. He leaves later to start a farm, calling himself Skillit MacIvey on the land deed. Skillit only appears two more times in the book: when he returns for Tobias's funeral and when Sol remembers all the people in his life. ;Pearlie Mae :A black former slave. Though half his age, she marries Skillit and gives birth to five children. ;Frog :A hired worker, former town drunk. Bonzo and he began working for Tobias for their first successful mission. Frog is seen as almost a brother to Tobias and he is always a help. He dies from being impaled by the same bull that killed Glenda, and is buried next to Tobias and Emma. As he lies dying, he asks Zech if his gravestone can read "Frog MacIvey" and Zech agrees, claiming he would have done that anyway. ;Bonzo :A hired worker, former town drunk. He says little, compared to Frog. He dies from malaria early in the book. ;Lester :A worker hired by Zech to replace Bonzo. ;Tawanda :Zech's Seminole Indian mistress. He only sees her three times. The first time when he and his father deliver cows to the Indian village, the second when Zech comes to get two new horses, the third when he visits the village again. When they come to Tobias' funeral, Tawanda's parents inform Zech of her death during childbirth. Zech buys a headstone for her that reads "Tawanda MacIvey, Beloved". ;Toby :Son of Tawanda and Zech. Although ridiculed by other children in his village because of his white father, he was respected by the adults because of his MacIvey blood. When Zech visits the village, the two bond. When he is 15, he sees his father again, now with his other son, Sol, and the two brothers start to bond. Toby later becomes the village chief and has three children with his wife, Minnie. He comes to hate Sol for ruining the forest, and the two avoid contact for almost half a century. He sees Sol again when Sol is about to die, making his peace with his half-brother. ;Nip & Tuck :Two dogs given to the MacIveys by the Indians, they get killed by bushwhackers and only add to how much Zech hates bushwhackers. ==See also== *Florida cracker *Florida cracker architecture *Florida Cracker Trail *Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings *Zora Neale Hurston == External links == * Official A Land Remembered site * Official Patrick D. Smith Author site * For further reading regarding the cracker cow Category:1984 American novels Category:American historical novels Category:Novels set in Florida Category:Florida cracker culture
68971466	A Lan Zayar 2	A Lan Zayar 2 () is a 2013 Burmese romantic-comedy film, directed by Nyi Nyi Htun Lwin starring Moe Aung Yin, Aung Ye Lin, Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi, Moe Yu San and Nan Su Yati Soe. It is a sequel to A Lan Zayar. ==Cast== *Moe Aung Yin as Lin Kar Oo *Aung Ye Lin as Moe Kaung Kin *Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi as Hsaung Kabyar *Moe Yu San as Htal Wah Thu *Nan Su Yati Soe as Theingi Maw *Chan Mi Mi Ko as Shu Ma Wa *Khin Hlaing as Kyaw Naing *Bay Lu Wa as Tin Shwe *Pwint as Aunty Yin ==See also== *A Lan Zayar ==References== Category:2013 films Category:2010s Burmese-language films Category:Burmese romantic comedy films Category:Films shot in Myanmar Category:2013 romantic comedy films
69076305	A Just Costa Rica	A Just Costa Rica (; CRJ) is a Costa Rican political party. It nominated engineer Rolando Araya Monge as a presidential candidate for the 2022 Costa Rican general election. == History == Costa Rica Justa was founded by the deputy Dragos Dolanescu Valenciano, originally president and elected deputy for the Social Christian Republican Party. He resigned from the party when the executive committee denounced him before the Public Ministry for alleged irregularities in the handling of funds. Dolanescu announced in social media that he will be meassuing the level of popular support in order to decide whether he will be presidential candidate. After completing the registration process, the presidential candidacy was offered to former minister and two- time previous presidential candidate Rolando Araya, who lost the 2021 National Liberation Party convention, finishing second. Araya was elected not only presidential candidate but as head of the list for the Legislative Assembly of Costa Rica.Rolando Araya hace yunta con Dragos Dolanescu e irá por la presidencia con partido Costa Rica Justa == Ideology == Some controversy was generated by the fact that Dolanescu comes from a conservative party and his positions as a deputy and on social media have been described as right-wing populist and conservative. Araya, on the other hand, comes from a democratic socialist tradition, was vice president of the Socialist International and has held various positions in the organization, also being known for his progressive positions on economic and social policies. Araya defended himself stating that the helm of the party and therefore his ideological orientation would be defined by him. ==Electoral performance== ===Presidential=== Election Candidate First round First round First round First round Second round Second round Second round Second round Election Candidate Votes % Position Result Votes % Position Result 2022 Rolando Araya Monge 19,951 0.95% 7th colspan="4" ===Parliamentary=== Election Leader Votes % Seats +/– Position Government 2022 Rolando Araya Monge 25,347 1.22% New 12th == References == J J
6913862	A Cantor's Tale	A Cantor's Tale is a 2005 documentary by Erik Greenberg Anjou. The film profiles Jacob Mendelson, a practitioner of Jewish liturgical music (a cantor) who has dedicated his life to preserving the form's traditional vocal stylings. == Plot == Anjou follows Mendelson around Borough Park, his old neighborhood in Brooklyn. Mendelson, who carries a tuning fork with him at all times, is prone to burst into song. During their journey through Borough Park, Anjou finds that the neighborhood has a fair number of bakers with vocal talents as good as their knishes. Mendelson also recalls when cantors were as popular as baseball players. "They had groupies," he tells Anjou, a strong incentive for a chubby teenager in high school. Mendelson's mother, who had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, was almost obsessed that her son become a cantor. The film reveals an interesting link to celebrity on the part of Mendelson's father: the older Mendelson once co-owned a truck with the father of Steven Spielberg. The movie's original title was Chazz'n, after the profiled cantor's sobriquet "Chazzan Jack Mendelson." It has also been titled A Cantor's Story. == Subject == Mendelson grew up in the Borough Park neighborhood of Brooklyn. He was given the Hebrew name Yaakov Ben-Zion, after his grandfather, the rabbi of Newark between the world wars. He has opera and cantorial degrees from Juilliard and Hebrew Union College (HUC) respectively. He has also taught at both HUC and Jewish Theological Seminary. In 1979, he married Fredda M. Rakusin, a fellow Juilliard graduate, cantor, and opera singer. Mendelson was preceded in his profession by a number of relatives, including a paternal uncle, Nathan, who was cantor at Montreal's Shaar Hashamayim for 35 years, an older brother Solomon "Tucky" Mendelson, and other members of the extended Mendelson family. Sol and Jacob were members of Moshe Koussevitzky's children's choir at Beth-El, and both were later presidents of the Cantors Assembly. ==References== ==External links== * Jeanette Catsoulis' review in The New York Times * Category:2005 films Category:Documentary films about Jews and Judaism in the United States Category:Documentary films about singers Category:Films about Orthodox and Hasidic Jews Category:2000s English- language films
69248527	A Different Christmas	A Different Christmas is the debut extended play by American singer Bryson Tiller. It was released through RCA Records on November 19, 2021. The EP features guest appearances from Kiana Ledé, Justin Bieber, Poo Bear, Tayla Parx, and Tiller's daughter, Halo. It marks the first time that Tiller has worked with any of the featured artists on the EP. Production was handled by Tiller himself, Poo Bear himself, Teddy Walton, Carter Lang, J-Louis, Cool & Dre, Emoko, Nes, the Audibles, Sasha Sirota, Oliver "Junior" Frid, and Jeff "Gitty" Gitelman. The project debuted and peaked at number 194 on the Billboard 200 for the chart week ending December 4, 2021. The EP was supported by one single, "Lonely Christmas", which features Justin Bieber and Poo Bear, and was released alongside a music video with the release of the EP. ==Background and promotion== On November 10, 2021, Tiller announced the project. Within the post, he stated that it was inspired by fellow singers Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande and their Christmas music that they have released previously. The tracklist was revealed exactly a week later, on November 17, 2021. Tiller told Essence that he came up with the project when thinking about how it feels to spend Christmas alone and it is specially made for his fans who are spending the holidays by themselves. It was also inspired by past events in his personal life. While creating the project, he recalled that he thought about how it feels to spend Christmas alone, which he has done that before. His purpose of the EP is to let his fans know that they are not alone for Christmas even if they are spending it alone. He also wanted to be on different instrumentals than what he regularly sings on. All seven tracks from the EP consist of a "combination of soul samples with his patented trap- like snares [drums]". The lead and only single, "Lonely Christmas", featuring Justin Bieber and American singer-songwriter and record producer Poo Bear, was released with a music video on November 19, 2021. ==Track listing== Notes * Every track is stylized in all lowercase. For example, "Lonely Christmas" is stylized as "lonely christmas". ==Personnel== Musicians * Bryson Tiller – vocals (all tracks), songwriting (tracks 1–3, 5, 6), production (track 4) * Teddy Walton – production (track 1), songwriting (track 1) * Carter Lang – production (track 1), songwriting (track 1) * J-Louis – production (track 1), songwriting (track 1) * Anthony Newley – songwriting (track 1) * Leslie Bricusse – songwriting (track 1) * Ben Lusher – songwriting (track 1) * Cool & Dre ** Cool – production (track 2), songwriting (track 2), programming (track 2) ** Dre – production (track 2), songwriting (track 2), programming (track 2) * Michael McCary – songwriting (track 2) * Shawn Stockman – songwriting (track 2) * Rayshon Cobbs – songwriting (track 2) * Kiana Ledé – vocals (track 3), songwriting (track 3) * Ekofo – production (track 3), songwriting (track 3) * Nes – production (track 3), songwriting (track 3) * Walter Kent – songwriting (track 4) * Kim Gannon – songwriting (track 4) * Justin Bieber – vocals (track 5), songwriting (track 5) * Poo Bear – vocals (track 5), songwriting (track 5), production (track 5) * The Audibles ** Dominic Jordan – production (track 5), songwriting (track 5) ** Jimmy Giannos – production (track 5), songwriting (track 5) * Sasha Sirota – production (track 5), songwriting (track 5) * Tayla Parx – vocals (track 6), songwriting (track 6) * Kam Parker – songwriting (track 6) * Oliver "Junior" Frid – production (track 6), songwriting (track 6) * Halo – vocals (track 7) * Felix Bernard – songwriting (track 7) * Dick Smith – songwriting (track 7) * Jeff "Gitty" Gitelman – production (track 7), bass (track 7), guitar (track 7), piano (track 7) * Cody Sommer – drums (track 7) * Ian Roller-Garelick – saxophone (track 7) * Sean Shackelford – trombone (track 7) * John Panos – trumpet (track 7) Technical * Jaycen Joshua – mixing (all tracks), mastering (tracks 5, 6) * 808 Ray – miscellaneous production (track 2) * DJ Riggins – assistant engineering (tracks 3–7) * Jacob Richards – assistant engineering (tracks 3–7) * Mike Seaberg – assistant engineering (tracks 3–7) * Josh Gudwin – miscellaneous production (track 5), vocal production (track 5), recording (track 5) * Ben Rice – miscellaneous production (track 5) ==Charts== Chart performance for A Different Christmas Chart (2021) Peak position ==References== Category:2021 debut EPs Category:Bryson Tiller albums Category:Albums produced by Cool & Dre Category:Albums produced by Poo Bear Category:Christmas EPs
69251085	A Door to the Sky	A Door to the Sky (, ) is a 1989 Moroccan film directed by Farida Benlyazid. It is Benlyazid's first feature film. == Plot == Nadia is a young Moroccan woman living in France. Upon the illness and subsequent death of her father, she returns to her native Fez and meets a female Sufi mystic, Kirana. Nadia readopts her native culture and religion, Islam, leaving her French boyfriend, Jean-Philippe. Nadia turns her family's traditional home into a zawiyya, functioning as a shelter for abused and homeless women. Nadia experiences dreams and visions of Ba Sissi, her family's deceased African servant who was known for his mysticism and piety. Her efforts are opposed by her sister, Leila, and brother, Driss. Under Islamic law, Driss has received double the inheritance she has, entitling him to the home. Nadia has a mystical vision in a trance where she sees the buried jewels of her deceased mother, enabling her to pay off the debt to her brother. Nadia, now known for her spiritual gifts, is sent to heal an ailing young man, Abdelkrim, and falls in love with him. She permanently leaves the shelter and marries him. == Themes == The film explores themes of feminism, colonialism, identity, and the conflict between modernity and tradition. == Cast == * Chaabia Laadraoui as Kirana * Zakia Tahri as Nadia * Eva Saint-Paul as Leila == References == == External links == * Category:1980s Arabic-language films Category:1980s French-language films Category:1989 films Category:1989 multilingual films Category:Moroccan multilingual films
69265876	A Beautiful Revolution Pt. 1	A Beautiful Revolution Pt. 1 is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Common. It was released on October 30, 2020 through Loma Vista Recordings, making it his second project released for the label. Production was handled by Karriem Riggins, Burniss Travis and Robert Glasper. It features guest appearances from PJ, Black Thought, Chuck D, Jessica Care Moore, Lenny Kravitz, Morgan Parker and Stevie Wonder. == Critical reception == === Accolades === Accolades for A Beautiful Revolution Pt. 1 Publication Accolade Rank Albumism The 100 Best Albums of 2020 == Track listing == == Charts == Chart (2021) Peak position US Current Album Sales (Billboard) 94 == References == == External links == * Category:2020 albums Category:Common (rapper) albums Category:Loma Vista Recordings albums Category:Albums produced by Karriem Riggins
69329935	A Herbivorous Dragon of 5,000 Years Gets Unfairly Villainized	is a Japanese light novel series written by Kaisei Enomoto and illustrated by Shugao. It was serialized online between June 2017 and June 2020 on the user- generated novel publishing website Shōsetsuka ni Narō. It was later acquired by Kadokawa Shoten, who have published three volumes from February 2018 to October 2019 under their Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko imprint. A manga adaptation with art by Kōichi Muro was serialized in Square Enix's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Gangan Joker from January 2018 to November 2019. It was collected in five tankōbon volumes. An original net (ONA) anime adaptation by Studio LAN aired in Chinese on Bilibili from July to October 2022, with the Japanese dub airing on television from January to March 2023. ==Characters== ; : ; : ; : ; : ; : ==Media== ===Light novel=== The series written by Kaisei Enomoto was serialized online between June 2017 and June 2020 on the user-generated novel publishing website Shōsetsuka ni Narō. It was later acquired by Kadokawa Shoten, who have published three light novel volumes with illustrations by Shugao from February 1, 2018 to October 1, 2019 under their Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko imprint. ===Manga=== A manga adaptation with art by Kōichi Muro was serialized in Square Enix's shōnen manga magazine Monthly Gangan Joker from January 22, 2018, to November 22, 2019. It was collected in five tankōbon volumes. ===Anime=== On November 21, 2021, a Japanese-Chinese original net (ONA) anime adaptation produced by Bilibili and animated by Studio LAN was announced. It is directed by Liu Siwen and written by Siwen and Li Jiajie. The Chinese dub aired on Bilibili from July 30 to October 8, 2022, while the Japanese dub aired on television from January 6 to March 24, 2023 on AT-X, Tokyo MX, and BS Fuji. For the Chinese dub, the opening theme song is by Liu Junlang, while the ending theme song is by Xiǎo yuán. For the Japanese dub, the opening theme song is by Shuka Saitō, while the ending theme song is "buddy" by Amber's. Crunchyroll licensed the series outside of Asia. ====Episode list==== ==References== ==External links== * at Shōsetsuka ni Narō * * * * at Bilibili * Category:2018 Japanese novels Category:2022 anime ONAs Category:2023 anime television series debuts Category:Anime and manga based on light novels Category:Crunchyroll anime Category:Gangan Comics manga Category:Kadokawa Sneaker Bunko Category:Light novels Category:Light novels first published online Category:Shōnen manga Category:Shōsetsuka ni Narō Category:Works about dragons
69461976	A History of Socialist Thought (Laidler book)	A History of Socialist Thought is a 1927 history book by Harry Laidler. == Bibliography == * * * * * * * == External links == * Full text of A History of Socialist Thought at HathiTrust Digital Library Category:1927 non-fiction books Category:English-language books Category:Books about socialism
69605700	A Forest of Eyes	A Forest of Eyes is a 1950 spy thriller novel by the British writer Victor Canning.Reilly p.254Murphy p.79 Stylistically it owed a debt to Canning's friend, the writer Eric Ambler.Burton p.81 The novel is set in Yugoslavia then located behind the Iron Curtain before the Tito–Stalin split. Robert Hudson, an engineer in Dubrovnik falls foul of the local police chief Zarko who believes is responsible for the death of a fellow Englishman, likely involved in espionage. Rather reluctantly Hudson finds himself taking over the dead man's mission. ==References== ==Bibliography== * Burton, Alan. Historical Dictionary of British Spy Fiction. Rowman & Littlefield, 2016. *Murphy, Bruce F. The Encyclopedia of Murder and Mystery. Springer, 1999. * Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015. Category:1950 British novels Category:British spy novels Category:British thriller novels Category:Novels set in Yugoslavia Category:Novels by Victor Canning Category:Hodder & Stoughton books
6975034	A Good Heart	"A Good Heart" is a song by Northern Irish singer Feargal Sharkey, released as the first single from his self-titled debut album. It was released in September 1985 and became a number-one hit in the United Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, and Ireland. ==Background== Written by then-Lone Justice frontwoman Maria McKee about her relationship with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers keyboard player Benmont Tench and produced by the Eurythmics' David A. Stewart, this was former Undertones singer Feargal Sharkey's third solo single. The song was Sharkey's only number one single and stayed at the top of the UK Singles Chart for two weeks in November 1985. However, it fared less well in the US, peaking at No. 74 on the Billboard Hot 100. Sharkey followed up the single with the Tench-written "You Little Thief". This song was allegedly about Tench's side of the relationship with McKee. However, Tench denies the song is about McKee. Austin, Texas-based singer- songwriter/guitarist Kris McKay performed a version of the song, featured on the soundtrack for the 1989 Patrick Swayze movie Road House. In 2007, McKee released her own recording of the track on her album Late December. ==Formats== ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1985–1986) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 1 Europe (European Hot 100 Singles) 5 Italy (Musica e dischi) Set Tipo to Singoli, then enter Feargal Sharkey into the Arista field and click cerca. 18 Portugal (AFP) 2 South Africa (Springbok Radio) 3 ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1985) Position UK Singles (OCC) 8 Chart (1986) Position Australia (Kent Music Report) 8 Belgium (Ultratop) 24 Canada Top Singles (RPM) 51 Netherlands (Dutch Top 40) 13 Netherlands (Single Top 100) 49 New Zealand (Recorded Music NZ) 9 South Africa (Springbok Radio) 15 West Germany (Official German Charts) 41 ==Sales and certifications== ==Release history== Region Date Format(s) Label(s) United Kingdom 30 September 1985 Virgin United States February 1986 A&M; ==References== Category:1985 songs Category:1985 singles Category:A&M; Records singles Category:Dutch Top 40 number-one singles Category:Feargal Sharkey songs Category:Irish Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Number-one singles in Australia Category:Song recordings produced by Dave Stewart (musician and producer) Category:Songs written by Maria McKee Category:UK Singles Chart number-one singles Category:Virgin Records singles
69751062	A Fortune for Kregen	A Fortune for Kregen is a novel by Kenneth Bulmer published in 1979. ==Plot summary== A Fortune for Kregen is a novel in which Dray Prescot is recovering from a wound suffered during a game of jikaida. ==Publication history== After Bulmer badly bruised his arm in a fall, A Fortune for Kregen was published in December 1979, after which came A Victory for Kregen. ==Reception== John T. Sapienza, Jr. reviewed A Fortune for Kregen for Different Worlds magazine and stated that "our hero escapes slavery and emerges from the moder to face his real enemy at the end of the book. The author seems to have had great fun, since the last chapter contains a suggestion that Prescot will return to Moderdrin again." ==References== Category:1979 British novels Category:1979 science fiction novels Category:British science fiction novels Category:DAW Books books
6981614	A Kid for Two Farthings (novel)	A Kid for Two Farthings is a 1953 novel by the British writer Wolf Mankowitz, based on the author's experiences of growing up within a Jewish community in London's East End. The title is a reference to the traditional Passover song, Chad Gadya, which begins "One little goat which my father bought for two zuzim".Steven H. Gale, Mankowitz, Wolf, Literary Analysis, Encyclopedia of British Humorists, Vol. 2, 1996. At the end of the film version, Mr Kandinsky softly sings fragments of an English translation of the song. ==Plot introduction== In an East London working class community of small shops, open- air vendors and flea-marketers, Joe, a small boy, lives with his mother, Rebecca, who works in and rooms above the Kandinsky tailor shop. Joe is innocently and earnestly determined to help realize the wishes of his poor, hard-working neighbours. Hearing from Mr Kandinsky the tale that a captured unicorn will grant any wish, Joe uses his accumulated pocket change to buy a kid with an emerging horn, believing it to be a unicorn. His subsequent efforts to make dreams come true exemplify the power of hope and will amidst hardship. ==Adaptations== A film version directed by Carol Reed was released in 1955 with an adapted screenplay by Mankowitz. A musical play based on the novel was presented at the Bridewell Theatre in London in 1996 by the Mercury Workshop, starring Ron Moody as Kandinsky. Music was by Cyril Ornadel with lyrics by Philip Glassborow and book by Glassborow and Robert Meadwell.Michael Kennedy in Masquerade, The World of Show Music Magazine, Issue 23 ==References== Category:1953 British novels Category:English novels Category:British novels adapted into films Category:Novels set in London Category:Novels by Wolf Mankowitz Category:André Deutsch books
69834180	A Christmas Story Christmas	A Christmas Story Christmas is a 2022 American Christmas comedy film directed by Clay Kaytis with a script he co-wrote with Nick Schenk, from an original story co-written by Schenk and Peter Billingsley. It is a legacy sequel to A Christmas Story (1983) and is the eighth installment in the Parker Family Saga franchise, while ignoring the events of My Summer Story (1994) and A Christmas Story 2 (2012). The film was produced by Billingsley and Vince Vaughn along with Cale Boyter, Jay Ashenfelter, Marc Toberoff and Irwin Zwilling. Billingsley reprises his role as Ralphie Parker alongside Ian Petrella, Scott Schwartz, R. D. Robb, Zack Ward, and Yano Anaya returning as Randy Parker, Flick, Schwartz, Scut Farkus, and Grover Dill, respectively. Erinn Hayes, River Drosche, and Julianna Layne play Ralphie's wife and kids, with Julie Hagerty (replacing Melinda Dillon from the original film) as Mrs. Parker. In the film, after the Old Man dies, Ralphie takes his family to his childhood home, reuniting with his mom and old friends, while being tasked to deliver a memorable Christmas. A Christmas Story Christmas was released in the United States on November 17, 2022, on HBO Max. ==Plot== In December 1973, 33 years after the events of A Christmas Story, Ralphie Parker lives in Chicago with his wife Sandy and two children, Mark and Julie. Ralphie has been taking the year off from his job to write his first novel, but its excessive length leads multiple publishers to reject it. Mrs. Parker calls to tell Ralphie that his father, "the Old Man", has died, and the grief-stricken family makes its way to Hohman, Indiana, to be with her. She gives Ralphie two tasks: write his father's obituary and take up his mantle of making Christmas special for the family. Ralphie's children befriend one of the Bumpus kids next door and are bullied by two children on a snowmobile. Ralphie reunites with Flick, who now owns his father's old tavern, and Schwartz, who still lives with his mother and has run up a large tab at Flick's. While leaving the house to go ice skating, Sandy slips and sprains her ankle. As Christmas Eve approaches, the family goes to Higbee's, where Ralphie miraculously buys everything Mark and Julie asked for while their children wait in line to see Santa. On the way back, Ralphie's car breaks down again and Ralphie accidentally hits Julie in the eye during an impromptu snowball fight, which requires a trip to the emergency room and a temporary eyepatch. All of the gifts are stolen from the car's popped trunk when the family is inside the hospital, and Sandy has little money left to replace them. Back at Flick's, Flick offers to forgive Schwartz's tab if he completes a physical stunt, the "Ramp". Schwartz succeeds and his tab is forgiven, but afterwards Mark breaks his arm sledding and Ralphie is rejected by his final prospective publisher. After some comfort from Sandy and remembering the Christmases of yesteryear, Ralphie suddenly gains a burst of inspiration and writes a piece that far exceeds the length of a normal obituary. However, he leaves it on the desk, needing to prepare for Christmas Day. Mark and Julie manage to get back at their bullies by building a snowman over a tree stump so that their snowmobile crashes. That night, though, Julie becomes upset after the tree's star falls and breaks. Ralphie, frustrated, goes out against his wife and mother's urgings to find a new one. Because all of the stores are closed, Ralphie breaks into Flick's tavern to "borrow" the star from the tree. On his way out, he is caught and apprehended by Scut Farkus, now a Hohman police officer. Ralphie is terrified at what Scut will do to him, but Scut brings him home, saying he owes Ralphie because their fight set him on a better path in life. On Christmas morning, Ralphie is confused by compliments he receives about his piece in the newspaper. Sandy reveals she found the obituary manuscript and took it to the local paper, and its high quality led to it quickly being syndicated. Ralphie is offered a new job as a syndicated columnist, fulfilling his dream of leaving the rat race and becoming a full-time writer. Opening presents, it is discovered that the Old Man had bought and personally wrapped very thoughtful gifts for the family shortly before his death. Much of the town soon comes to the Parker house for Christmas dinner. After dinner concludes, the core family asks Ralphie to read his story about the Old Man. Ralphie takes a seat and begins to read, fully embracing his new role as the Old Man's successor as his narration of it transitions into Jean Shepherd's from the original film. ==Cast== * Peter Billingsley as Ralph "Ralphie" Parker * Erinn Hayes as Sandy Parker, Ralph's wife * Julie Hagerty as Mrs. Parker, Ralph's mother * Ian Petrella as Randy Parker, Ralph's brother * Scott Schwartz as Flick, one of Ralph's childhood friends * R. D. Robb as Schwartz, one of Ralph's childhood friends * Zack Ward as Officer Scut Farkus, Ralph's former childhood bully * River Drosche as Mark Parker, Ralph's son ** Billy Brayshaw as Older Mark Parker (in Ralph's imagination) * Julianna Layne as Julie Parker, Ralph's daughter ** Tegan Grace Muggeridge as Older Julie Parker (in Ralph's imagination) * Cailean Galloway as Snowmobile Bully * Alistair Galloway as Snowmobile Bully * Yano Anaya as Grover Dill, Ralph's childhood bully (in Ralph's imagination) * David Gillespie as Santa Claus ==Production== In January 2022, Warner Bros. Pictures and Legendary Pictures announced that a legacy sequel to A Christmas Story was in development with a script from Nick Schenk who also is executive producer. Clay Kaytis was hired to direct. The film is dedicated to the memory of Darren McGavin (who played Ralphie's Old Man in the original film), who died in 2006 at the age of 83. Shortly after the official announcement of the film, Peter Billingsley was cast to reprise his role as Ralphie Parker as an adult, in addition to being a producer alongside Vince Vaughn. Julie Hagerty was cast as Mrs. Parker, since Melinda Dillon (who had played the role in A Christmas Story) was in poor health at the time of the film's production and ultimately died less than two months after the film was released. The following month, Ian Petrella, Scott Schwartz, R. D. Robb, Zack Ward, and Yano Anaya were cast to reprise their roles as Randy Parker, Flick, Schwartz, Scut Farkus, and Grover Dill, respectively. Erinn Hayes, River Drosche, and Julianna Layne were cast as Ralphie's wife, Sandy Parker, and his kids, Mark and Julie Parker, respectively. Principal photography began in late February 2022 in Hungary and Bulgaria. Billingsley and the crew commissioned exact replicas of the house which was depicted in the original film and of the neighborhood. ==Release== The first teaser trailer was released in October 2022, confirming the official release date, with the full trailer following on November 1. The film was released in the United States on November 17, streaming on HBO Max by Warner Bros. Pictures. ==Reception== ==See also== * List of Christmas films ==References== ==External links== * Category:2022 films Category:2022 comedy films Category:2020s American films Category:2020s children's comedy films Category:2020s Christmas comedy films Category:2020s English-language films Category:Alternative sequel films Category:American children's comedy films Category:American Christmas comedy films Category:American sequel films Category:Films based on American novels Category:Films directed by Clay Kaytis Category:Films set in 1973 Category:Films set in Chicago Category:Films set in Indiana Category:Films shot in Hungary Category:Films shot in Bulgaria Category:Films with screenplays by Nick Schenk Category:Midlife crisis films Category:HBO Max films Category:Legendary Pictures films Category:Warner Bros. films Category:English-language Christmas comedy films Category:Parker Family Saga Category:A Christmas Story
69979031	A History of Science, Technology, and Philosophy in the 16th and 17thCenturies	A History of Science, Technology, and Philosophy in the 16th and 17th Centuries is a book by Abraham Wolf first published in 1935 by George Allen and Unwin. A survey of the history of science in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, it received a mixed critical reception. ==Background and summary== Written by Abraham Wolf with the assistance of University College London astronomer Angus Armitage and University of Bonn professor Friedrich Dannemann, the book was first published in London in 1935 by George Allen and Unwin. A second edition, with minor revisions to the bibliography by Douglas McKie, was published in 1950, following Wolf's death. Dedicated to Master of Science students at University College London, where Wolf lectured, the book comprises twenty-six chapters, with a particular focus on the physical sciences (including astronomy, physics, chemistry, geology, and meteorology) and mathematics, as well as the positive relationship between modern science and technology. A companion history, titled A History of Science, Technology, and Philosophy in the 18th Century, was published in 1938. ==Reception== The book received mixed reviews from critics. Herbert Blumer commended Wolf for writing "a very notable contribution to the history of science." The British Journal for the Philosophy of Science contributor A. C. Crombie described A History of Science as "an invaluable source of information", while C. W. G. of The Mathematical Gazette admitted to being "impressed by the wide reading and profound erudition of the author." In Nature, W. C. D. Dampier concluded: "Prof. Wolf is to be congratulated on a volume, which, if not perfect, is yet a notable achievement." Dampier also commented in Philosophy that the book was "satisfactory". Journal of Chemical Education reviewer Tenney L. Davis praised the book for being "a good all-round treatment of its subject" that was "easy and interesting to read", but added that a "student of the history of chemistry or sociology, or any one of the special sciences, will probably find that it contains little or nothing on his subject which is new to him." Journal of the History of Ideas reviewer I. Bernard Cohen observed that Wolf failed to establish a clear link between science and philosophy. In a review for The American Historical Review, Bert James Loewenberg lamented, "Professor Wolf has given us merely another history of science." J. D. Bernal dismissed Wolf's work as "not history" because it did not "instruct the scientific worker about the position and function of science within the larger whole." Henry E. Sigerist likewise argued in Science that "Professor Wolf's book is not a history of science but a collection of brief essays on the history of various scientific disciplines". He also wrote that he felt "disappointed" and "depressed" after reading the book. Isis reviewer George Sarton similarly stated that he was "bitterly disappointed". On the other hand, Alfred Romer opined in the American Journal of Physics: "Disappointment is an ungrateful emotion. This is not by any means a bad book. It was an enormous task to write it, and an all-but-impossible task to do it better. Though we could wish for more, this much at least we have." ==References== ===Citations=== ===Sources=== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Category:1935 non-fiction books Category:Allen & Unwin books Category:History books about science Category:History books about scientific discoveries Category:History books about philosophy Category:English-language books
70026449	A B M Altaf Hossain	A B M Altaf Hossain is a Bangladeshi senior lawyer and former judge of the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh. Hossain is a former Deputy Attorney General of Bangladesh. == Early life == Hossain was born in Kurigram District, Bangladesh. == Career == On 11 December 2010, Deputy Attorney General Hossain spoke at the Acid Survivors Foundation's seminar titled Legal Aid to Acid Victims and Resolving Obstacles. Deputy Attorney General Hossain represented the government in a petition filed against a factory for sound pollution in June 2011. Hossain, as the Deputy Attorney General prosecuted M Ruhul Amin, lecturer at Jahangirnagar University, for posting a status of Facebook whished for the death of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on 5 January 2012. In February 2012, he condemned Khaleda Zia's statement on the Murder of Sagar Sarowar and Meherun Runi in court. Hossain was appointed as an additional judge of the High Court Division of Bangladesh Supreme Court in June 2012 along with five other judges. On 24 July 2012, Hossain and Justice Hasan Foez Siddique issued a verdict against Abdul Hamid (then speaker of parliament and later President of Bangladesh) after Hamid called a speech critical of the parliament by Justice AHM Shamsuddin Choudhury Manik a violation of the constitution. In June 2013, Hossain was part of a large High Court bench that examined the Ashiyan City housing project to determine if it's activities were legal. On 28 July 2013, Hossain and Justice Quazi Reza-Ul Hoque ordered the government to take action against Hefazat-e- Islam Bangladesh for attacking journalists and provide treatment to the injure journalists. Hossain issued a verdict that declared the government policy mandating the Anti-Corruption Commission to seek it's approval before investigating corruption allegation against government officials on 31 January 2014. On 9 February 2014, Hossain and Justice Quazi Reza-Ul Hoque ordered to the government to pay 4.3 million taka to Hindu community, a religious minority, who were attacked by religious extremist following an allegedly blasphemous post on Facebook. In June 2014, Hossain name was dropped from the promotion list but the five other judges, who became judges at the same time as Hossain, were made permanent judges of the High Court Division. According to The Daily Star "influential people" in the government were unhappy with certain verdicts by Hossain. The government people were also unhappy with verdict against President Abdul Hamid and Hossain's attempt to get government housing despite being an additional judge and not a permanent one. Hossain filed a petition demanding he be made a permanent judge of the High Court Division. The petition was dismissed by Justice Sheikh Hassan Arif and Justice Abu Taher Md Saifur Rahman. Hossain was represented by Advocate Salauddin Dolon and one of the judges in the case felt embarrassed to hear the petition. In March 2016, Hossain represented M Abdullah in a legal challenge against Bangladesh Association of International Recruiting Agencies for dropping his name from the voter list. In January 2022, Hossain represented Md Humayun Kabir Khandaker, secretary of the Election Commission, at hearing at the High Court. == References == Category:Living people Category:20th-century Bangladeshi lawyers Category:Supreme Court of Bangladesh justices Category:People from Kurigram District Category:Year of birth missing (living people) Category:21st-century Bangladeshi judges
70066689	A Broadway Saint	A Broadway Saint is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Harry O. Hoyt and starring Montagu Love, George Bunny and Helen Weir.Katchmer p. 477 ==Cast== * Montagu Love as Dick Vernon * George Bunny as Uncle Galt * Helen Weir as Mazie Chateaux * Emile La Croix as Professor Lackland * Augusta Burmeister as Mrs. Unger * Emily Fitzroy as Martha Galt * Annie Laurie Spence asLucilla Galt * Mrs. Stuart Robson as Madam Chateaux * Edward Arnold as Mr. Frewen * Sally Crute as Mrs. Frewen * Estelle Taylor as The Parisian ==References== ==Bibliography== * Katchmer, George A. Eighty Silent Film Stars: Biographies and Filmographies of the Obscure to the Well Known. McFarland, 1991. ==External links== * Category:1919 films Category:1919 comedy films Category:Silent American comedy films Category:Films directed by Harry O. Hoyt Category:American silent feature films Category:1910s English-language films Category:American black-and-white films Category:World Film Company films Category:1910s American films
7013761	A Arnoia	A Arnoia is a municipality in the province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located to the west of the province, by the confluence of the río Arnoia and the río Miño. == See also == * Río Arnoia == References == Category:Municipalities in the Province of Ourense
7013812	A Gudiña	A Gudiña () is a municipality in Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain. It is located to the very south-east of the province. == References == Category:Municipalities in the Province of Ourense
7013864	A Coach for Cinderella	A Coach for Cinderella is a 1936 Technicolor animated cartoon sponsored film based on the Cinderella fairy tale.Prelinger Archives : a Coach for Cinderella (eVideo, 1936)-WorldCat.org Directed by Max Fleischer for Jaminson Handy, the film is an advertisement for Chevrolet automobiles. ==Summary== The story begins with Cinderella wishing to have a better life, away from her evil stepsisters. There is a gnome that is watching Cinderella live a strenuous life. When Cinderella falls asleep the gnome takes Cinderella's measurements, then leaves to meet other gnomes in the woods. He tells them that Cinderella has done quite a bit for them when they were in need, so they should return the favor. The gnomes decide to help Cinderella by making her a dress for the ball, and a car that she can travel in. They use various things around the forest to make her a carriage. Then, they put it through the "modernizer" and at the end of the clip it is revealed to be a new Chevrolet. Cinderella then goes out to the ball in the car, with the rest of the story told by the sequel A Ride for Cinderella. This film is in the public domain.Nicky Nome Rides Again|Cartoon ResearchAutomotive Wayback Machine: The Jam Handy Organization Archive-The Truth About Cars ==See also== *Chevrolet *Jam Handy *Fairy tales *Advertising *Sponsored film *A Ride for Cinderella *Peg-Leg Pedro *The Princess and the Pauper ==External links== * * * Vimeo ==References== Category:1936 films Category:Film advertising material Category:1930s animated short films Category:Chevrolet Category:Films based on Cinderella Category:Sponsored films Category:1930s American animated films Category:American animated short films Category:1936 animated films Category:Jam Handy Organization films Category:Promotional films
70162202	A Law Unto Herself	A Law Unto Herself is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Wallace Worsley and starring Louise Glaum, Sam De Grasse and Joseph J. Dowling.Connelly p.372 ==Cast== * Louise Glaum as Alouette DeLarme * Sam De Grasse as Kurt Von Klassner * Joseph J. Dowling as LeSieur Juste DeLarme * Edward Coxen as Bertrand Beaubien * Irene Rich as Stephanie * Elvira Weil as Fleurette D'Hermonville * Roy Laidlaw as Fritz Von Klassner * Burwell Hamrick as Bertrand Von Klassner at age 10 * George Hackathorne as Bertrand Von Klassner at age 20 * Peggy Schaffer as Bertha Von Klassner * Jess Herring as Old Servant ==Preservation== *A copy is held by UCLA Film and Television.The Library of Congress American Silent Feature Film Survival Database:A Law Unto HerselfA Law Unto Herself at silentera.com ==References== ==Bibliography== * Connelly, Robert B. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998. ==External links== * Category:1918 films Category:1918 drama films Category:1910s English-language films Category:American silent feature films Category:Silent American drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Wallace Worsley Category:Films distributed by W. W. Hodkinson Corporation Category:1910s American films
70206480	A Fighting Heart	A Fighting Heart is a 1924 American silent action film directed by Jack Nelson and starring Frank Merrill, Margaret Landis and Otto Lederer.Munden p.241Connelly p.347 ==Cast== * Frank Merrill as Jack Melford * Margaret Landis as Rae Davis * Milburn Morante as Cloudy Day * May Sherman as Julia Cunningham * Otto Lederer as Dr. Logan * Alphonse Martell as Dr. Dehli * Cathleen Calhoun as Blanche Renault ==References== ==Bibliography== * Connelly, Robert B. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998. * Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997. ==External links== * Category:1924 films Category:1920s action films Category:American silent feature films Category:American action films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Jack Nelson Category:1920s English-language films Category:1920s American films
70243173	A Concert in Berlin	A Concert in Berlin is a live solo piano album by Marilyn Crispell. It was recorded at the Summer Music concert series at the Haus am Waldsee in Berlin in July 1983, and was released later that year by FMP. ==Reception== The editors at AllMusic awarded the album 4 stars. The authors of the Penguin Guide to Jazz Recordings wrote: "Solo performances by Crispell are dramatic, harmonically tense, and wholly absorbing," and praised the "dramatic flow and coherence" of the album. They stated that, although it is "initially rather more academic," it "develops into a powerful emotional statement that culminates, deliberately or not, with an 'America' that has nothing to do with either Leonard Bernstein or Paul Simon, but which is Crispell's own." Milo Fine, writing for Cadence, remarked: "Crispell has a developing independence of the hands that make for some engaging interaction... Crispell's voice is developing nicely." In an article for Music and More, Tim Niland commented: "Crispell moved to jazz through the influence of John Coltrane and Cecil Taylor, and the latter's cascading, exhilarating style imbues this rare concert recording with a sense of breathless excitement, as she uses the entire breadth and width of the instrument to her advantage in this excellent recording. The music on this album flows outward in one continuous suite with one section of music tumbling into another with grace and excitement. The music has a crystalline feel where every note is articulated like swirling snowflakes... The music is lean and very well thought out, and it is well worth investigating for fans of progressive piano playing." ==Track listing== "Evidence" by Thelonious Monk. Remaining compositions by Marilyn Crispell. # "Rounds" – 4:09 # "Ode To Messiaen" – 5:16 # "Spaces & Elements" – 5:53 # "Pulsations, Spirals" – 6:22 # "Into The Blue" – 6:07 # "Early Light" – 4:25 # "America" – 7:01 # "Evidence" – 3:49 == Personnel == * Marilyn Crispell – piano ==References== Category:1983 live albums Category:Marilyn Crispell live albums Category:FMP Records live albums
7026591	A Greater Song	A Greater Song is a live album by Paul Baloche released in 2006. The album was recorded at Community Christian Fellowship in Lindale, Texas, where he served as the Worship Pastor at the time. The album features Kathryn Scott on three of the songs. Baloche co-wrote the songs on the album with songwriters such as Sara Groves, Graham Kendrick, Glenn Packiam, Don Moen, Brenton Brown, and Matt Redman. ==Track listing== #"Hosanna (Praise Is Rising)" (Paul Baloche, Brenton Brown) – 6:44 #"Because of Your Love" (Baloche, Brown) – 4:05 #"A Greater Song" (Baloche, Matt Redman) – 6:50 #"I Will Boast" (Baloche) – 5:20 #"Your Name" (Glenn Packiam) – 5:44 #"What Can I Do" (Baloche, Graham Kendrick) – 5:19 #"You Have Been So Good" (Baloche, Sara Groves) – 4:00 #"Thank You Lord" (Baloche, Don Moen) – 4:03 #"Creation's King" (Baloche, Kendrick) – 4:39 #"Here and Now" (Baloche, Brown) – 5:13 #"Just as I Am" (Traditional) – 1:04 #"Rising" (Baloche, Redman) – 4:48 == Personnel == * Paul Baloche – lead vocals, acoustic guitars, electric guitars * Chris Springer – acoustic piano, keyboards, Hammond B3 organ * Gary Leach – acoustic piano (7) * Austin Deptula – programming, loops, strings * Ben Gowell – acoustic guitars, electric guitars * Milo Deering – dobro, mandolin, violin * Don Harris – electric bass, fretless bass * Carl Albrecht – drums, percussion * Ty Young – cello * David Baloche – French horn, backing vocals * Rita Baloche – backing vocals * Michael Mellett – backing vocals * Kathryn Scott – vocal soloist (5, 10, 11) * Sara Groves – lead vocals (7) === Production === * Don Moen – executive producer * Chris Springer – A&R; * Paul Baloche – producer * Austin Deptula – producer, engineer * F. Reid Shippen – mixing * Richard Dodd – mastering * Riordan Design Group, Inc. – design * Joshua Dunford – photography ==Reception== ==References== Category:2006 live albums Category:Paul Baloche albums
70487194	A A Rahim	Adv. A. A. Rahim is a leader of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) and member of Rajya Sabha from Kerala. He is also serving as the All India president of the Democratic Youth Federation of India. ==References== Category:Rajya Sabha members from Kerala Category:Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from Kerala Category:Living people Category:Year of birth missing (living people)
70565234	A Connoisseur's Case	A Connoisseur's Case is a 1962 detective novel by the British writer Michael Innes.Scheper p.119-120 It is the eighteenth in his series featuring John Appleby of Scotland Yard. It is a country house mystery, harking back to the Golden Age of Detective Fiction. It was released in the United States by Dodd, Mead under the alternative title The Crabtree Affair.Reilly p.845 ==References== ==Bibliography== * Hubin, Allen J. Crime Fiction, 1749-1980: A Comprehensive Bibliography. Garland Publishing, 1984. * Reilly, John M. Twentieth Century Crime & Mystery Writers. Springer, 2015. * Scheper, George L. Michael Innes. Ungar, 1986. Category:1962 British novels Category:British mystery novels Category:British crime novels Category:Novels by Michael Innes Category:Novels set in England Category:British detective novels Category:Victor Gollancz Ltd books
7068424	A Black Mass	A Black Mass is a play written by Amiri Baraka and performed at Proctor's Theatre in Newark, New Jersey in 1966. Baraka also recorded a version of the play with Sun Ra's Myth-Science Orchestra in 1968.Discogs The play is based on the religious doctrine of Yakub as taught by the Nation of Islam, and it describes the origin of white people according to this doctrine. A Black Mass, written at the beginning of Baraka's involvement in black nationalism and the Black Arts Movement, was a turning point in the artist's career. Conceived as a form of "action literature", the play aimed to raise the political consciousness of Black Americans. Baraka had learned of the Yakub myth from Malcolm X, whose assassination in 1965 likely provided further inspiration for the work.Collins & Crawford 2006, p. 144. This play is a visceral experience through the use of music and lighting, beginning in a "Jet blackness" accompanied with the "Music of eternal concentration and wisdom" composed by Sun Ra, which represent a prelapsarian state of non-threatening darkness."This 'black endless space' is not threatening but perceived by the black magicians as 'beautiful reality'." Elam 2001, p. 53. Baraka inverts the idea that white symbolizes goodness and black symbolizes wickedness, so that the images of beauty and life are associated with blackness. As Jacoub, the protagonist of the play, creates the "White Beast" that will become the ancestor to the white race, this peaceful blackness is soon contrasted with scenes of pandemonium, in which the room is filled with unsettling melodies and the sounds of banging and screeching (provided in the original production by Sun Ra's Myth Science Arkestra).Collins & Crawford 2006, p. 144. To add to the audience's unease, the actors are not confined to the stage: the "Beast" leaps among the spectators, screaming "White! White! White!" and "Me! Me! Me!". The play ends on a call to arms against this newly created affront against nature: The final statement, which means "May God have mercy," is repeated continuously until the lights go dark. ==References== ==External links== * Recording of A Black Mass, YouTube Category:1966 plays Category:Plays by Amiri Baraka Category:Islam in fiction
7079205	A Dog Year	A Dog Year is a 2009 American made-for-television comedy-drama film written and directed by first-time director George LaVoo and starring Jeff Bridges. It was originally broadcast on HBO on September 3, 2009. The film is based on the memoir by Jon Katz and adapted by LaVoo. The story centers on a man experiencing a midlife crisis whose world is turned upside down when he adopts a border collie crazier than he is. ==Plot== Jon Katz faces a midlife crisis. His wife moves out because he was growing too distant, their daughter Emma has moved to a place of her own, and he is left in the house with their two labrador retrievers and a severe case of writer's block. A dog breeder who has read his books convinces him to take in an abused and hyperactive border collie named Devon - and his crazy new life begins. ==Cast== * Jeff Bridges as Jonathan "Jon" Katz * Lauren Ambrose as Emma * Lois Smith as Lois Blair * Domhnall Gleeson as Anthony Armstrong * Welker White as Brenda King * Elizabeth Marvel as Margo *Pamela Holden Stewart as Patti * Deirdre O'Connell as Donna Brady ==Nominations== On Thursday, July 8, 2010, Jeff Bridges was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Miniseries or Movie. ==References== == External links == * * Tribeca Film Festival Category:2009 films Category:2009 television films Category:Films about dogs Category:Films about pets Category:2009 comedy-drama films Category:American comedy-drama television films Category:HBO Films films Category:Midlife crisis films Category:2009 directorial debut films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s American films
70836729	A Gunman Has Escaped	A Gunman Has Escaped is a 1948 British crime film directed by Richard M. Grey and starring John Harvey, Maria Charles and Jane Arden.Chibnall & McFarlane p.35 It was produced as a second feature and shot at the Maida Vale Studios in London. It was released by the independent distributor Monarch Film Corporation. ==Cast== * John Harvey as Eddie Steele * John Fitzgerald as Sinclair * Robert Cartland as Bill Grant * Ernest Brightmore as Johnson * Maria Charles as Goldie * Patrick Westwood as Red * George Self as Spike * Manville Tarrant as Alf * Denis Lehrer as Mike * Jane Arden as Jane * Frank Hawkins as Mr. Cranston * Hope Carr as Mrs. Cranston * Melville Crawford as Inspector Fenton * Hatton Duprez as Detective ==References== ==Bibliography== * Chibnall, Steve & McFarlane, Brian. The British 'B' Film. Palgrave MacMillan, 2009. ==External links== * Category:1948 films Category:1948 crime films Category:British crime films Category:Films set in London Category:Films shot in London Category:1940s English-language films Category:1940s British films
70936406	A Critical Introduction to Phonology	A Critical Introduction to Phonology: Functional and Usage-Based Perspectives is a 2006 book by Daniel Silverman designed for an introductory course in phonology. ==Reception== The book was reviewed by Marc Pierce, Stephanie Clair, Ewan Dunbar and William J. Idsardi. == References == ==External links== *A Critical Introduction to Phonology Category:2006 non-fiction books Category:Phonology books Category:Linguistics textbooks Category:Continuum International Publishing Group books
70950627	A Case of You	A Case of You may refer to: * "A Case of You" (song), a song by Joni Mitchell * A Case of You (film), 2013 American film * A Case of You (horse) (foaled 2018)
70951117	A Flash of Light	A Flash of Light may refer to: * A Flash of Light (film) * A Flash of Light (Homeland)
70951415	A Kind of Loving	A Kind of Loving may refer to: * A Kind of Loving (novel) * A Kind of Loving (film)
70951527	A Life for a Life	A Life for a Life may refer to: * A Life for a Life (1916 film) * A Life for a Life (1910 film)
7095820	A Brush with the Law	"A Brush with the Law" is the eleventh episode of the fifth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army. It was originally transmitted on 15 December 1972. ==Synopsis== Mainwaring is charged with showing a light, contrary to blackout rules, and is taken to court by a cheerful ARP Warden Hodges. As if that was not enough, the magistrate is none other than his old nemesis Captain Square. The Verger tries to warn off Hodges, but Hodges will not back down. The platoon tries to help by testifying as witnesses to Mainwaring's innocence, but things go from bad to worse when Jones messes up his story under oath. As both Square and Hodges proceed to push Mainwaring towards what could be a sticky end, Walker steps in and reveals he was out delivering 'supplies' to a 'nearby customer', putting some pressure on Square by reminding him of his own illegal activities buying blackmarket whisky. Just as Square is about to dismiss the trial, the Verger confesses it was he who showed the light, having used the office after the platoon had left on patrol to write his memoirs, much to the fury of Hodges who has lost his chance to end Mainwaring. The case is dismissed and Mainwaring is allowed to leave the court "without a stain on his character". He attributes his acquittal to "honesty, fair play and the integrity of British justice". ==Cast== *Arthur Lowe as Captain Mainwaring *John Le Mesurier as Sergeant Wilson *Clive Dunn as Lance Corporal Jones *John Laurie as Private Frazer *James Beck as Private Walker *Arnold Ridley as Private Godfrey *Ian Lavender as Private Pike *Bill Pertwee as ARP Warden Hodges *Geoffrey Lumsden as Captain Square *Frank Williams as The Vicar *Edward Sinclair as The Verger *Stuart Sherwin as Junior Warden Reg Adamson *Jeffrey Gardiner as Mr Wintergreen *Marjorie Wilde as Lady Magistrate *Chris Gannon as Mr Bone, the Clerk of the Court *Toby Perkins as Usher ==Notes== #Mainwaring is prosecuted under the Emergency Powers (Defence) Act 1939, which had been rushed onto the statute book by the government under public pressure. Under its rules, Mainwaring could have been sentenced to several months in jail had he been found guilty as charged. #After Mainwaring is proved innocent Pike says "it's just like that film with John Garfield", a reference to the 1939 film They Made Me a Criminal. #After the recording of this episode, the regular cast recorded the special sketch "Broadcast to the Empire" which was transmitted as part of the 1972 Christmas Night with the Stars on BBC1. ==References== * Dad's Army: The Complete Scripts Category:Dad's Army (series 5) episodes Category:1972 British television episodes
71001748	A Blot in the 'Scutcheon	A Blot in the 'Scutcheon is a tragedy in blank verse by Robert Browning, published in 1843 and acted in the same year.Keller 1924, p. 95. == Characters == * Mildred Tresham * Thorold, Earl Tresham * Henry, Earl Mertoun * Guendolen Tresham * Austin Tresham * Gerard, and other retainers of Lord Tresham Time, 17— == Synopsis == Mildred Tresham, only sister of Thorold, Earl Tresham, has been seduced by Henry, Earl Mertoun, whose lands adjoin those of her brother. Anxious to repair this wrong he formally requests her in marriage. Thorold, who knows nothing of his sister's fall, readily consents. But a retainer sees Mertoun climb to Mildred's chamber and informs his master, without being able to identify the intruder. Questioned by her brother, Mildred admits the truth of the story, but refuses to divulge her lover's name or to dismiss Earl Mertoun. Deeply wounded in his family pride, which is morbidly intense, Thorold is too emotionally stirred to infer that Mertoun and the lover are the same. Denouncing Mildred as a shameless woman he rushes into the park, where he wanders until midnight. Meanwhile, Mildred's cousin, Gwendolen, in a talk with Mildred, has divined the identity of Mertoun and the offender, and with her fiancé and the earl’s brother, Austin Tresham, goes out to find Thorold and to persuade him to forgiveness. They are too late, however. At midnight Thorold encounters Mertoun on his way to an interview with Mildred, and in his anger compelled him to fight a duel in which Mertoun, refusing to defend himself, is mortally wounded. Realizing at length his own harshness and injustice towards a boy who was penitent and eager to atone for his fault, Thorold exchanges forgiveness with Mertoun, and on his death, takes poison. He then goes to beg forgiveness of his sister who grants it and dies of a broken heart, closely followed by her brother. In dying he says that he leaves to Austin and Gwendolen an unblotted 'scutcheon. == Background == Browning's dramatic period extended from 1835 to the time of his marriage in 1846, and produced some nine plays, not all of which, however, were intended for the stage. Paracelsus, the first of the series, has been described as a "conversational drama", and Pippa Passes, though it has been staged, is essentially a poem to read. The historical tragedy of Strafford has been performed, but King Victor and King Charles, The Return of the Druses, Colombe's Birthday, A Soul's Tragedy, and Luria, while interesting in many ways, have not been regarded as successful stage-plays.Eliot, ed. 1909, p. 358. == Performance == A Blot in the 'Scutcheon was published in 1843 as the fifth number (No. V) of Bells and Pomegranates.Birch, ed. 2009. In a letter to John Forster, dated 25 November 1842, Charles Dickens wrote enthusiastically of Browning's play: "[It] has thrown me into a perfect passion of sorrow … I know nothing that is so affecting, nothing in any book I have ever read, as Mildred's recurrence to that "I was so young—I had no mother."'Roberts 2011. The play was performed at Drury Lane in 1843, but its chances of a successful run were spoiled by the jealousy of William Macready, the manager, and it ran for only three nights. It was presented again, under the management of Samuel Phelps, in 1848.Clarke 1920, p. 213. == Reception == The catastrophe has been criticised as not inevitable and the speeches as too analytical for the stage, but the pathos and tragic power of this drama have also received praise. == References == == Sources == * Birch, Dinah, ed. (2009). "Blot in the 'Scutcheon, A". In The Oxford Companion to English Literature. 7th ed. Oxford University Press. * Clarke, George Herbert (1920). "Browning's "A Blot in the 'Scutcheon": A Defence". The Sewanee Review, 28(2): pp. 213–227. * Eliot, Charles William, ed. (1909). "A Blot in the Scutcheon". Modern English Drama. The Harvard Classics. Vol. 18. New York: P. F. Collier & Son Corporation. pp. 358–404. * Keller, Helen Rex (1924). "Blot in the 'Scutcheon, A". The Reader's Digest of Books. New York: The Macmillan Co. p. 95. * Reese, Gertrude (1948). "Robert Browning and A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". Modern Language Notes, 63(4): pp. 237–240. * Roberts, Adam (2011). "Browning, Robert, English poet and dramatist (1812–89)". In Schlicke, Paul (ed.). The Oxford Reader's Companion to Dickens. Oxford University Press * Vann, J. Don (1979). "A Blot in the 'Scutcheon: A Literary Notice". Studies in Browning and His Circle, 7(2): pp. 68–70. === Reviews === * "A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". The Pall Mall Gazette. 1 February 1891. p. 1. * ""The Blot in the 'Scutcheon"". The Globe. 16 June 1893. p. 3. == External links == * Miller, Renata Kobetts, ed. (15 November 2017). "Robert Browning, A Blot in the 'Scutcheon". The Independent Theatre Society. Accessed 13 July 2022. Category:Plays by Robert Browning Category:1843 plays
7113961	A Flat Iron for a Farthing	A Flat Iron for a Farthing (1872) is a book by Juliana Horatia Ewing (1842–1885) and consists of childhood reminiscences of the only child of a widowed father. It was one of the author's most popular books. ==References== * Humphrey Carpenter and Mari Prichard. Oxford Companion to Children's Literature. Oxford University Press, 1997. * Jack Zipes (ed) et al. The Norton Anthology of Children's Literature: The Traditions in English. W. W. Norton, 2005. * Jack Zipes (ed.). The Oxford Encyclopedia of Children's Literature. Volumes 1-4. Oxford University Press, 2006. * Victor Watson, The Cambridge Guide to Children's Books in English. Cambridge University Press, 2001. Category:1872 British novels Category:19th-century British children's literature Category:British children's novels Category:1870s children's books
71233981	A Chronicle of the Last Pagans	A Chronicle of the Last Pagans is a 1990 popular history book on pagan retreat in the Roman Empire, written by historian Pierre Chuvin and published by Harvard University Press. == Legacy == The book inspired the 2020 lo-fi album Songs for Pierre Chuvin by the Mountain Goats. == Notes == == References == * * * * * * * * * == External links == * * Category:1990 non-fiction books Category:English-language books
71344775	A Death in Bed No. 12	A Death in Bed No.12 is the first collection of stories written by Ghassan Kanafani. It was published in Beirut in 1961 with a short introduction by Ghassan that said: "I believe that the book should introduce itself, and if it fails to fulfill part of its writers' ambition, then the writer must simply accept it, as before- times and times- before the writers rips the stories to write them again, and like that, I push "A Death in Bed No.12" to find its own way, if it could find the beginning of the way". This collection of stories mainly explore the feeling of exile, which is portrayed through unilateral attachment to the past. The title comes from a story in the second part of the book. The revolves around a patient writing a letter to his friend Ahmed telling him about a death incident in bed 12, and about how each one of us hears about and perceives death differently. Ghassan Kanafani send in the introduction to an anonymous family whom their eldest son "Mohammed Ali Akbar" died away and alone in bed number 12. == About the writer == Ghassan Kanafani was born in Acre city on 9 April 1936, and lived in Jaffa until May 1948 when he was forced to leave his country due to the Israeli occupation in 1948. He then lived in the south of Lebanon and after that his family moved to Damascus. His father worked as a lawyer specializing in national lawsuits and was arrested several times. He was a self made man and had a big effect on Ghassan's live and personality. Ghassan Kanafani was assassinated on 8 July 1972 by an explosive device in his car. == About the story collection == The story collection is divided into 3 main parts, and each parts contains 5 or 6 stories revolving around Palestine, reality and existential questions. === Stories of the first part === * The owl in a far room * Something doesn't go away * The middle of May * Cake on the sidewalk * In my funeral === Stories of the second part === * A Death in Bed No.12 * A pearl on the way * The man who didn't die * Thirst * 8 Minutes === Stories of the third part === * The shoulders of others * Six eagles and a baby * The cat * Crucified sheep * The slaves castle == Quotes == * "But I was living for a fearless tomorrow, and I would starve to be full one day..and I wanted to reach that tomorrow..there was no value to my life other than the deep green hope that it gave that the sky cannot be infinitely cruel..and that this child, the one on whose lips the smile of reassurance broke, would continue his life that way, torn like October clouds, grey like misty valleys, lost like a sun who came to shine but didn't find its horizon." * "How painful and cruel is the moment when one wants to cry but nonetheless cannot." * "I discovered - just like you should've discovered long ago - how important it is for some people to die..for the others to live..it’s and old wisdom..the most important thing in it now..is that I am living it." * "We always give people our traits and look at them through a strait of our opinions and thinking, we want them to be us as much as we can..we want to stuff them into our skins, give themour eyes to look with them, and cloth them with our past and our way of facing life..place them within frameworks drawn by our current understanding of time and space. * "The issue of death is not the issue of the dead, but the issue of the rest" == References == Category:1961 short story collections Category:Works by Ghassan Kanafani
71451237	A Great Day (2015 short film)	A Great Day is a 2015 Nigerian short film written, produced, and directed by James Abinibi. The movie showcases the determination of the life of a job seeker and it also stars Whochay Nnadi, Kenny Solomon and Crystabel Goddy. == Synopsis == The movie revolves around the sojourn of a young man who was called for an interview. During the journey, he faces different kinds of ordeals that would have made him to turn back but he was determined and keeps on going. == Premiere == The movie was first premiered at Film House Cinema, Leisure Mall, Adeniran Ogunsanya in Surulere, Lagos Nigeria on 27 November, 2015. The premiering was attended by celebrities including Funky Mallam, Shola Animashaun, Doris Simeon, Emmanuel Ilemobayo, Bunmi Davies and others == Cast == * Whochay Nnadi, * Kenny Solomon, * Crystabel Goddy, * Emmanuel Ilemobayo and * Cute Kiman == References == Category:2015 films Category:Nigerian short films
71557399	A Father for Charlie	A Father for Charlie (alternate title: High Lonesome), is a television film that premiered on CBS on January 1, 1995. The film was directed by Jeff Bleckner and written by H. Haden Yelin. It stars Louis Gossett Jr. as Walter Osgood, the only black farmer in the highly-prejudiced town of High Lonesome in the Ozarks, at the height of the Great Depression in 1932. Despite the racist abuse he endures from the townspeople and the Ku Klux Klan, Walter forms an unlikely friendship with Charlie, the 10-year-old son of his white tenant farmer. ==Cast== * Louis Gossett Jr. as Walter Osgood * Joseph Mazzello as Charlie * James Greene as Sam * Don Swayze as Reuben Cantwell * David Hart as Woodrow * William Lucking as Argus * Jack Kehler * Mark Cabus * Patrick Labyorteaux as the Postmaster * William Fichtner as the Sheriff * Evan Rachel Wood as Tessa ==Production== A Father for Charlie was filmed in Southern California. ==Critical reception== Marion Garmel of The Indianapolis Star gave the film a favorable review, writing that it has "a wonderful spunkiness that makes you cheer for the human spirit." Also giving the film a positive review in the Los Angeles Times, Ray Loynd praised Yelin's writing for "turn[ing] material that appears to be dangerously fraught with sentiment and giv[ing] it thrust and life." Varietys Alan Rich found the film highly unoriginal, but noted that "[t]he very predictability lends the viewers a comforting caress." John Voorhees of The Seattle Times praised Gossett Jr.'s performance which he felt made the film worth watching. Chicago Tribunes Sid Smith thought the portrayal of racism was "heavy-handed," but found the film "ultimately irresistible." ==Ratings== A Father for Charlie earned a 14.8 national Nielsen rating, equalling 14.1 million households, making it the eighth highest-rated prime time program for the week of December 26, 1994 to January 1, 1995. In terms of total viewers, the film was the sixth most-watched prime time program with an audience of 22.9 million. ==References== ==External links== * Category:1995 television films Category:CBS network films Category:Films about racism in the United States Category:Films about the Ku Klux Klan Category:Great Depression films Category:Films set in 1932 Category:Films shot in California Category:Films directed by Jeff Bleckner Category:Films scored by David Shire Category:Films set in the Ozarks
71681036	A Group of Women	A Group of Women was an American feminist organization in the 1980s who committed a series of actions in support of the ratification of the Equal Rights Amendment. Sonia Johnson was a notable member of this organization that advocated for the use of civil disobedience to raise awareness about the need for the ERA. == Nonviolent actions == Formerly known as the Congressional Union after the suffrage group, A Group of Women advocated for militant actions on behalf of the ERA. They were affiliated with protests including spilling fake blood in front of the National Archives in Washington, D.C. Maureen Fiedler, a Roman Catholic nun, was arrested as this protest. The group drew a significant amount of attention when they blocked traffic in front of the National Archives. Women affiliated with this group held a sign at the protest that read, "Honor Thy Mother. Put Her in the Constitution." == Members == Sonia Johnson, Sister Maureen Fiedler and Mary Ann Beall were all affiliated with A Group of Women. The Des Moines Register reported Johnson was a leader of the organization. Leslie Stewart from Boca Raton, Florida was also a member. She featured prominently in a photo that ran in the Arizona Republic in July 1982, and in an article in the South Florida Sun in April 1983. == See also == * Berenice Carroll * Grassroots Group for Second Class Citizens * Georgia Fuller * Mormons for ERA == References == Category:Feminists Category:Militant feminism Category:Equal Rights Amendment organizations
7182553	A Couple of Guys	thumb|250px|Eric (left) and Joey (right) A Couple of Guys was a comic strip about the lives of a gay male couple, their friends and family in New York City. The strip was first published in September 1996 and was written and drawn by Dave Brousseau. The strip ended in February 2018 because of high production costs and Brousseu's wishes. == History == The strip was first published in the now-defunct Weekly News, a gay newspaper in Miami, Florida, in September 1996. It was syndicated in June 1996 and was published in newspapers across the United States. and on several websites. Brousseau said that two of the characters, Eric's sister and brother-in-law, first appeared in a comic strip he drew in college. Mary Ann Parker and Marty Dinkleman were supporting characters in Guy Average, Average Guy, which also appeared in the Xavier University Newswire. However, the later Marty was somewhat different from the previous incarnation in that the college version was never openly homophobic, had curly hair, and was not a native New Yorker. ==Cast== ===Main characters=== * Eric Parker: An actor and waiter originally from Columbus, Ohio. Eric is basically a good person, but can be at times overly-sensitive and quick-tempered. He has an active imagination, and sometimes launches into elaborate daydreams. * Joey Romelli: A New York City police officer and the boyfriend of Eric. Joey is much more practical and even-tempered than Eric, and often tries to convince his boyfriend to see things from other people's point of view. Joey has one sister, Gina, who lives in New York, and two brothers, Vincent and Anthony, who live elsewhere. * Sue Fletcher: Eric and Joey's neighbor in their apartment building. She is an English professor at New York University and is known for using stilted language. She is a bit of an intellectual snob and tends to patronize others, particularly Eric. * Simone Curtis: Sue's live-in girlfriend. A native of Washington, D.C., Simone is a sculptor and ceramist, and is known for her sarcastic quick wit. * Andy Parker: Eric's bisexual, punk-rock musician brother who lives in Columbus. Andy is a stereotypical slacker and player. In 2008, he was recruited by the fictional ex-gay group P.R.E.Y. (Positive Relationships Enrich You), but later left the group and returned to his old ways, more or less. * David Gersh: A friend of Joey and Eric. A hairstylist who closed his previous salon, David's Coiffeteria, and opened the day spa Eden. * Miguel Martinez: David's ex- boyfriend, an attorney. After about twelve years together, they broke up in the summer of 2010 because Miguel was feeling neglected by David. * Matisse: David's pet, a gay Jack Russell Terrier. * Jake: One of the puppies born after Matisse accidentally mated with another Jack Russell Terrier in Central Park, believing it to be a male. Jake was later adopted by David. He identifies as straight, and is sometimes frustrated about living in a gay household. * Lou and Berta: A married couple. Now retired, Lou is Joey's former police partner. * Hector Velázquez: a student at Hunter College, previously made homeless after being disowned by his parents for being gay. Hector was later taken in by Lou and Berta and began working as a reporter and editor for The Gay Old Times, a fictional gay newspaper in the strip. He later reconciled with his parents. * Marty Dinkleman: A somewhat boorish homophobic radio shock jock. * Mary Ann Dinkleman: Eric's older sister and Marty's wife, who also lives in New York with her family. * April Dinkleman: The teenage daughter of Mary Ann and Marty. ===Supporting characters=== * Sister Gina: Joey's sister, a nun who works at a youth center. * Desiree Wilson: A hairdresser at David's day spa Eden. * Carter: David's rival, a loudmouthed day spa owner. * Al & Mae: The fry cook and waitress, at a diner frequented by the regular cast members. * Phyllis “Phil” Faversham: Joey's friend, social worker, and active member of the Metropolitan Community Church. She sometimes bemoans her status as a single lesbian. Phil's dog, Gertrude, is a lesbian and a boxer. * Angel and Devil: Apparitions that occasionally appear to Eric, serving as his conscience and dark side. The two apparently have some sort of a relationship together. * Tim Krieger: A young bisexual man who was Andy's first boyfriend. Though he and Andy were not in a committed relationship, Tim was frequently jealous when Andy would express interest in other men or women. The nature of their relationship is unclear, but they are frequently seen together. * Ronnie/Veronica: A cross-dresser, and Andy's one-time romantic interest. * Ted: The bartender at the Pipeline, a neighborhood bar, until it closed in 2009. He became a bartender at Mars. * Omar: The owner of Mars, a neighborhood bar frequented by Eric and Joey. He was a regular at the Pipeline, and decided to open a bar of his own after it closed. * Frank and Joyce Romelli: Joey's parents, who live in St. Petersburg, Florida. Frank is a retired plumber. * Bill and Lois Parker: Parents of Eric, Mary Ann, and Andy. They live in Columbus, Ohio, and are active in the local PFLAG chapter. Bill is an investment banker. * Annie O'Malley: Lou's replacement as Joey's police partner. Although married to Charlie, he once confessed an attraction to Joey. * Matthew Mannheim: A gay porn star and nemesis of Eric. He once dated (and was dumped by) Eric when they were both in college (when he was still known as Bradley Zwinkerhoff). He went on to reinvent himself as a handsome, muscular porn star, and Eric believes that Matthew still harbors ill will toward him. He is never been seen in the strip, but is talked about occasionally. ==References== ==External links== * A Couple of Guys' official Facebook page Category:1996 comics debuts Category:LGBT-related comic strips Category:LGBT characters in comics Category:Gag-a-day comics Category:American comic strips Category:Comic strips set in the United States Category:1990s LGBT literature
718823	A Day at the Races (album)	A Day at the Races is the fifth studio album by the British rock band Queen, released on 10 December 1976 by EMI Records in the United Kingdom and by Elektra Records in the United States. Recorded at The Manor, Sarm East, and Wessex Sound Studios in England, it was the band's first completely self- produced album, and the first completed without the involvement of producer Roy Thomas Baker; engineering duties were handled by Mike Stone. It serves as a companion to Queen's previous album, A Night at the Opera, with both taking their names from Marx Brothers films and having similar packaging and eclectic musical themes. The album reached the top of the charts in the UK, Japan, and the Netherlands. It reached number five on the US Billboard Top LPs & Tape chart and was Queen's third album to ship gold in the US, subsequently reaching platinum status in the country. In 2006, a listener poll conducted by BBC Radio 2 saw A Day at the Races voted the 67th greatest album of all time. == Background == On 25 April 1976, the band settled back in London after a four-leg, six-month, and exhaustive tour of their highly successful album, A Night At The Opera, recorded during the oppressive summer of 1975. The band had decided to take a two-month hiatus. They only occasionally did business- related activities (like filming the promotional video for You're My Best Friend the following day). During June, the band was beginning to plan out the recording sessions for the album, visiting recording studios around Greater London to determine where they would produce the album. On 15 June, Roger Taylor and John Deacon visited Sweet Silence Studios in Denmark. The studio was completed only two months prior. They put the studio into consideration. This was because of the fresh environment of the studio. After Taylor and Deacon returned from Denmark, rehearsals began on 17 June at Ridge Farm Studio, where the band had rehearsed for their previous album in July 1975. Due to equipment issues during the first week, the band hired Pete Cornish on 25 June to assist in equipment maintenance. Cornish and the band had previous involvement, as his company had helped repair and construct new equipment for the band in January 1972. Brian May traveled to Manhattan at the start of July (and is interviewed by Circus at The Sherry-Netherland Hotel sometime around 6 July) for unknown reasons, while the rest of the band were still in Ridge Farm, rehearsing for the album. He would return during the middle of the month. == Recording and production == Queen entered The Manor in Oxfordshire on 12 July to commence work on A Day At The Races. Absent was Roy Thomas Baker, who had helped the band produce their last four albums. This was because of a four-album contract he had signed with the band in 1972. This contract had expired after the release of the band's fourth album, and the band had decided to record the album by themselves, with the assistance of engineers Mike Stone and Gary Langan. Baker would travel to America to produce more material after signing a contract with CBS Records. On 19 July, May's 29th birthday, (according to a letter written for the fan club around this time) while the band were recording in The Manor, the band were mailed items related to penguins. A giant penguin ice maker was also shipped to the band. These items were mailed to the band because of May's interest in penguins. On 21 July, Crystal Taylor, one of the band's roadies, who would later become Roger's personal assistant, arrived at The Manor to provide assistance with equipment and observe the session. He originally planned to stay a week, but on 28 July, the band asked him to stay another week. Around this date, work began to relax as the band had finished 6 songs. Those songs were "Good Old- Fashioned Lover Boy", "The Millionaire Waltz", "You Take My Breath Away", "White Man" (then titled "Simple Man"), "Drowse", and a shorter version of "Somebody To Love". As August entered, the band worked on the remaining songs of the album, and finished a longer version of "Somebody To Love". Work was still relaxed though, and the band would sometimes play billiards or card games during productive days. During a game of billiards on 8 August, between Roger and Crystal Taylor, Roger asked Crystal to be his personal roadie, to which Crystal accepted. The band had booked to play two concerts on 20 and 21 August at the Playhouse Theatre in Edinburgh. The band even stated to Melody Maker that they would be debuting some of the material off of the album during those concerts. The band eventually cancelled those concerts because they weren't finished some of the material they wanted to debut at the concerts. Instead, the band opted to do a mini-tour of the country during September. The band had at least the backing tracks of "Tie Your Mother Down" (likely the overdubbed product), "Long Away", "You And I," and "Teo Torriatte (Let Us Cling Together)" recorded by 24 August, including the previously recorded material, before the band began to rehearse for their summer mini-tour the following day. The summer tour made its start in Edinburgh, where "Tie Your Mother Down", and "You Take My Breath Away" were debuted to the audience. During the summer tour, the band moved production into Sarm East Studios and worked there in between concerts sporadically (attending approximately nine sessions) between 5 and 16 September to overdub onto the recorded backing tracks. It was during this period that predominantly guitar overdubs would be added onto "The Millionaire Waltz", which still wouldn't be finished after the end of the stint. Most of the songs that were initially recorded in July were finished off during this time, and the rest of the songs recorded in August that weren't performed live were put off until work on the album properly resumed. Work on the album resumed on 20 September at Sarm. During this period in the album's production, the band started overdubbing what was left, and rough mixing some of the finished tracks. On 23 September, the band published a thank you message in the music press to their fans regarding their warm response to their concert at Hyde Park on 18 September (the final date of the summer tour). "Tie Your Mother Down" is mostly mixed on 26 September, and a mix of "Long Away" is worked on during the same day. The band completed a preliminary mix of "Somebody To Love" on 29 September. Work continued to be relatively sporadic for the next few weeks though. The band attended a party held by Aerosmith in London on 6 October. The band turned their attention to the lead single during mid-October, which was scheduled to be released in three weeks. They mixed the single from 18 to 24 October. "Somebody To Love", which was recorded in two separate parts, was mixed first. Parts 1 and 2 were fused together and completed on 22 October. They then turned their attention to "White Man", which was mostly mixed on 23 October and finished on 24 October. The band then moved to Wessex Sound Studios on 25 October to begin mixing the rest of the album. On 26 October, "Long Away" and "Good Old- Fashioned Lover Boy" were mixed. On 28 October, while mixing tracks off of the album, the band were taken into a different room at Wessex to partake in a photoshoot. The photos from this shoot would end up on the inner sleeve of the album. Pressure to complete the album was becoming more apparent, as the due date was coming close. After a day off at the end of the month, work immediately resumed. On 1 November, "You Take My Breath Away" was mixed, and finished off the following day. A tape of the still unfinished album was created on 5 November, with a different track-list and a lot of chatter and studio noise clearly not mixed out of some songs yet. "Teo Torriatte" wasn't even completed at this point, with some crucial overdubs still in need of being added. On 9 November, "Long Away", "Drowse", and "Tie Your Mother Down" were fully mixed at Wessex. These songs had been worked on during the previous three days. On 16 November, "The Millionaire Waltz" and "You And I" were mixed at Wessex. On 17 and 18 November, "Teo Torriatte" was mixed at Wessex, and the album was mastered on 19 November, officially completing it. A pressing of the album was played to fans and music press at Advision Studios on 26 November. The album took approximately 16 weeks in total to record, the longest time the band had spent recording an album as of the time of its release. ==Songs== ===Side one=== ===="Tie Your Mother Down"==== "Tie Your Mother Down" was written by Brian May in Tenerife in early 1968, two years before the formation of Queen. At the time, he was working on his PhD in Astronomy. He wrote the song on Spanish guitar and thought he'd change the title and chorus later on, but when he brought it to the band for inclusion on this album, Freddie Mercury liked the original and it was kept the way it was written. The song is preceded by an instrumental introduction consisting of a multi-tracked guitar part, reminiscent of the song "White Man", followed by a Shepard tone figure, which is reprised at the end of "Teo Torriatte" to create a "circle" in the album. The ascending scale of the second part of the intro was created by reversing a recording of a descending scale played on a harmonium. The main bulk of the song can be described as heavy blues rock, featuring aggressive vocals by lead singer Mercury, as well as a slide guitar solo by May, who provided most of the backing vocals. A music video was made for the song, directed by Bruce Gowers and based on a performance clip shot at Nassau Coliseum in Long Island, New York, in February 1977 during the band's US arena headlining tour. After its release in 1976, the song was played by Queen on every subsequent tour. ===="You Take My Breath Away"==== "You Take My Breath Away" was written by Mercury and based on the harmonic minor scale. He performed it by himself at Hyde Park before recording it, and all of the vocals in the version of the song on the album were performed by him, as was the piano part. Unusual for Queen, Mercury's lead vocals were triple-tracked to achieve "a solo vocal that could hold its own against the chorus." There is a vocal interlude between this song and the next in which a wash of vocals consisting of a loop of a multi-tracked Mercury repeating the words "take my breath" steadily increases in volume until it resolves into the echoed phrase "take my breath away" and fades out. ===="Long Away"==== "Long Away" was composed and sung by May. He used a Burns Double Six 12-string electric guitar for the rhythm parts, instead of his Red Special; he had wanted to use a Rickenbacker because he admired John Lennon, but did not get along well with the thin neck of the instrument. The song was released as a single in the US, Canada, and New Zealand. but failed to chart anywhere. ===="The Millionaire Waltz"==== "The Millionaire Waltz" was written by Mercury about John Reid (Queen and Elton John's manager at the time). Like "Bohemian Rhapsody", it is a multi-key and multi-metre song and features abrupt arrangement changes and May doing multi-tracked guitar choirs. Partway through, this 3/4 waltz is interrupted by a short 12/8 hard rock segment. It is a noteworthy example of John Deacon's "lead bass" playing, which can be heard quite prominently early in the song, when only Deacon and Mercury are playing (bass guitar and piano/vocals, respectively). ===="You and I"==== "You and I" is the only song on the album written by Deacon. It is in the key of D major, is mainly piano- driven, and features Deacon on acoustic guitar. The song was featured as the B-side for "Tie Your Mother Down", but was never played live. It is not to be confused with Lady Gaga's song of the same name, which interpolates We Will Rock You by this same band, and also features Brian May on the guitar. ===Side two=== ===="Somebody to Love"==== "Somebody to Love" was written by Mercury. The song was inspired by gospel music, especially that of Aretha Franklin, and Mercury, May, Deacon, and Taylor all multi-tracked their voices to achieve the impression of a 100-voice gospel choir. Mercury's vocal part features a wide range of notes, going from an A2 (in the last choral verse) to a falsetto A5 (at the peak of his melisma on "ooh" over the choir break). Staying true to Queen's guitar-driven style, the track was also filled with intricate harmony parts and a solo by May. The song was the biggest hit single from the album. It went to number two on the UK charts (kept from the number one spot by "Under the Moon of Love" by Showaddywaddy) and number 13 on the US singles chart. ===="White Man"==== "White Man" was written by May about the suffering of Native Americans at the hands of European immigrants, taking the viewpoint of native peoples. It is one of Queen's heaviest works, thematically and musically. The song featured a notable vocal solo by Mercury on the A Day at the Races Tour, and both a vocal solo by Mercury and a guitar solo by May on the 1977–78 News of the World tour. On the later Return of the Champions (2005) and Rock The Cosmos (2008) Tours, the riff to "White Man" was used as an introduction to "Fat Bottomed Girls". ===="Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy"==== "Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy" was written by Mercury. It starts with a piano and vocal introduction by Mercury, and the bass and drums join in at the start of the chorus. Part of the bridge of the song is sung by Mike Stone (the lines: "Hey boy where'd you get it from? Hey boy where did you go?"). The recording is enhanced by multi-tracked vocals, as well as May's guitar choirs. The song was performed live on Top of the Pops in June 1977, with Taylor singing Stone's part. Most of the track was a concert staple on the band's A Day at the Races Tour and News of the World Tour. ===="Drowse"==== "Drowse" is the only song on the album written by Roger Taylor, who, in addition to playing the drums, did all of the vocals and played rhythm guitar; May played the slide guitar. Like "I'm In Love With My Car", Taylor's song on the previous album, "Drowse" is in 6/8. The song has never been performed live, but it was rehearsed by Queen + Adam Lambert before their Rock Big Ben Live concert. It made an appearance on both the standard and deluxe editions of Queen Forever. ===="Teo Torriatte (Let Us Cling Together)"==== "Teo Torriatte (Let Us Cling Together)" was May's tribute to the band's Japanese fans, and was performed live in Tokyo during the Jazz Tour in 1979, and again when the band visited Japan during The Game and Hot Space tours in 1981 and 1982, respectively. It has two choruses sung in Japanese, making it one of only three Queen songs in which an entire verse or chorus is sung in a language other than English (the others being "Mustapha", from Jazz and "Las Palabras de Amor" from Hot Space). The song features a piano, a plastic piano, and a harmonium, all of which are played by May. The harmonium melody that ends the song is a longer reprise of the second part of the introduction to "Tie Your Mother Down", the first track on the album. May described it as "a never- ending staircase", otherwise commonly known, especially in music, as a Shepard tone. ==Singles== In the UK, the first track from the album to be released as a single was "Somebody to Love", on 12 November 1976 (EMI 2565); it reached number two. "Tie Your Mother Down" followed on 4 March 1977 (EMI 2593), reaching number 31, and "Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy" on 20 May 1977, reaching number 17. In the US, "Somebody to Love" was released on 10 December 1976 (Elektra E45362) and reached number 13. It was followed by "Tie Your Mother Down" (Elektra E45385) in March 1977, which reached number 49. Both of these were released in Japan, as was "Teo Torriatte", which was not released as a single in any other territory. ==Tour== ==Reception and legacy== The album garnered mixed reviews from contemporary critics. The Washington Post described it as "a judicious blend of heavy metal rockers and classically influenced, almost operatic, torch songs." The Winnipeg Free Press was also appreciative, writing: "Races is a reconfirmation of Queen's position as the best of the third wave of English rock groups." Circus gave the album a mixed review, writing: "With A Day at the Races, they've deserted art-rock entirely. They're silly now. And wondrously shameless." However, retrospective reviews have been positive and more appreciative of the album. Greg Kot, reviewing for Chicago Tribune gave the album a very positive rating that matched the exact rating of the previous album, and commented how he considers this album as a part of the band's artistic peak alongside A Night At The Opera. In a retrospective review, AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine cited "Tie Your Mother Down" and "Somebody to Love", along with ballad "You Take My Breath Away", as the best tracks on the album, and said the album marked a point where Queen "entered a new phase, where they're globe-conquering titans instead of underdogs on the make". Q magazine wrote that "the breadth of its ambition remains ever impressive, as do tracks such as May's stomping 'Tie Your Mother Down' and Mercury's baroque one-two, 'Somebody To Love' and 'Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy'." Ben Sisario, writing in The Rolling Stone Album Guide (2004), found the album "a little too predictable" and called it "a quickie sequel to Opera." Similarly, AJ Ramirez, writing for PopMatters, described the album as "a comparative comedown" and "a good but not stupendous record", while acknowledging the band were "now firmly in command of the mechanics of pop songcraft", which had yielded them more singles than any previous album. In 2006, a listener poll conducted by BBC Radio 2 saw A Day at the Races voted the 67th greatest album of all time. The same year, in a worldwide Guinness and NME poll to find the "Greatest 100 Albums of All Time", the album was voted number 87. It was also featured in Classic Rock and Metal Hammer's "The 200 Greatest Albums of the 70s", being listed as one of the 20 greatest albums of 1976. Out ranked it No. 20 of 100 in a poll of "more than 100 actors, comedians, musicians, writers, critics, performance artists, label reps, and DJs, asking each to list the 10 albums that left the most indelible impressions on their lives." In the 1987 edition of The World Critics List, the BBC's Peter Powell ranked A Day at the Races the 6th greatest album of all time, and Jim DeRogatis of the Chicago Sun-Times included the record in his "The Great Albums" in 2006. ==Reissues== The album was reissued as part of the Hollywood Records remasters in 1991. It was also reissued by Parlophone in various European countries in 1993, remastered and sometimes with an altered track listing and timings (due to the placement of the beginning of "Tie Your Mother Down" in its own track, titled "Intro"). In 1996, Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab issued a remaster of the album in the United States on both CD (numbered UDCD 668) and vinyl (numbered MFSL-1-256). On 8 November 2010, record company Universal Music announced a remastered and expanded reissue of the album set for release in May 2011. This was part of a new record deal between Queen and Universal Music, which marked the end of Queen's almost 40-year association with EMI Records. All of the band's albums were remastered and reissued by Universal in 2011. ==Track listing== ===Original release=== All lead vocals by Freddie Mercury unless noted. ===Universal Music reissue (2011)=== ===iTunes deluxe edition (2011)=== ==Personnel== Information is based on Queen's Complete Works and on the album's liner notes.Queen. A Day at the Races (Album Notes). EMI. 1976. Track numbering refers to CD and digital releases of the album. Queen *Freddie Mercury – lead vocals , backing vocals , gospel choir vocals , piano *Brian May – electric guitar , slide guitar , guitar orchestration , harmonium , piano , backing vocals , gospel choir vocals , lead vocals , acoustic guitar *Roger Taylor – drums , percussion , timpani , rhythm electric guitar , backing vocals , gospel choir vocals , lead vocals *John Deacon – bass guitar , acoustic guitar , backing vocals Additional personnel *Mike Stone – additional vocals ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (1976-1977) Peak position Australian Albums (Kent Music Report) 8 Finnish Albums (The Official Finnish Charts) 4 Japanese Albums (Oricon) 1 Chart (2019) Peak position Chart (2021) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (1977) Position Australian Albums Chart 45 Canadian Albums Chart 38 Japanese Albums Chart 24 UK Albums Chart 45 ==Certifications== == Notes == ==References== ==External links== * Includes lyrics of all non-bonus tracks. Category:1976 albums Category:Cultural depictions of the Marx Brothers Category:Elektra Records albums Category:EMI Records albums Category:Hollywood Records albums Category:Parlophone albums Category:Queen (band) albums
71980368	A Christmas Song	A Christmas Song is the first Christmas album by singer-songwriter Russ Taff. It is his one and only album released in 1992 on the Sparrow label. Taff and his wife Tori dedicated the song "What a Wonderful World" to their newborn daughter Madeleine Rose Taff who was born in the summer of 1992 while making this album. The album is produced by Taff's guitarist James Hollihan, Jr. A concert video was also released of the same name featuring Taff and his band performing at a nightclub. A Christmas Song peaked at number six on the Billboard Top Christian Albums chart. ==Track listing== == Personnel == * Russ Taff – vocals * Matt Rollings – grand piano, vibraphone * James Hollihan Jr. – guitars, backing vocals, all arrangements * Byron House – bass * John Hammond – drums, sleigh bells * Mark Douthit – saxophones * Mike Haynes – trumpets * John Darnall – string conductor * Nashville String Machine – strings Production * John Huie – executive producer * James Hollihan Jr. – producer, recording, mixing * Lynn Fuston – string recording * Hank Williams – mastering at MasterMix (Nashville, Tennessee) * Simon Levy – art direction * Garrett Rittenberry – design * David Roth – photography * Jeffrey Tay – stylist * Robyn Lynch – hair, make-up * Zack Glickman – management == Charts == Chart (1992) Peak position US Top Christian Albums (Billboard) 6 ==References== Category:1992 Christmas albums Category:Russ Taff albums Category:Sparrow Records albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:Jazz albums by American artists
72032959	A Ballet of Lepers	A Ballet of Lepers: A Novel and Stories is a posthumous collection of fiction by Canadian author and singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, consisting of the novella A Ballet of Lepers, fifteen short stories and a précis for a play. The collection was edited, with an afterword, by Alexandra Pleshoyano and was published in 2022. ==Themes== The titular novella, written at Cohen's childhood home in the Westmount area of Montreal, is narrated by an aimless, solitary bookkeeper of 35 who is renting a room in Stanley Street, Montreal and takes in his grandfather who needs a place to live. The grandfather, whom he has never met before, scorns societal taboos and embraces a liberating exercise of violence. Themes explored in the novella and stories include "the sacred and profane dimensions of sexual desire; the longing for an ideal woman, capable of a liberating love; a search for freedom in a world of limitations and boundaries; the challenge—and even incapacity—to embrace commitment; feelings of alienation; the dread flowing from a sense of unworthiness coupled with an aspiration for the transcendent and the beautiful." ==Publishing history== Although Cohen wrote the novella in 1956-7, some years before writing his first published novel The Favourite Game, it was only published posthumously in 2022. Cohen once called A Ballet of Lepers "probably a better novel" than The Favourite Game, but despite his best efforts failed to get it published. The manuscript of the novella, along with a collection of short stories and plays, is kept in the Leonard Cohen archive at the University of Toronto. There are four drafts, the second and most complete of which was selected for publication. The stories, written (mostly) between 1956 and 1960, were also previously unpublished. They are titled: "Saint Jig", "O.K. Herb, O.K. Flo", "Signals", "Polly", "A Hundred Suits from Russia", "Ceremonies", Mister Euemer Episodes", "The Shaving Ritual", "Lullaby", "A Week is a Very Long Time", "The Jukebox Heart", "David Who?", "Short Story on Greek Island", "ive had lots of pets" and "Strange Boy with a Hammer". The précis for a play is titled "Trade". ==References== Category:Canadian novellas Category:Canadian short story collections Category:Books by Leonard Cohen Category:McClelland & Stewart books
7226372	A Battle of Wits (1912 film)	A Battle of Wits (1912) is a silent drama motion picture short starring Tom Moore, Alice Joyce and Earle Foxe. Joyce and Foxe were working together for the fourth time on this picture. A Battle of Wits was re-released on August 27, 1915. ==Cast== *Tom Moore as The Surveyor *Alice Joyce as Sue Elwood *Earle Foxe *Logan Paul *Stuart Holmes ==External links== * Category:1912 films Category:1912 drama films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent short films Category:Kalem Company films Category:1912 short films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1910s American films Category:1910s English-language films Category:American drama short films
72327259	A Historical Atlas of Tibet	A Historical Atlas of Tibet is an atlas and a topographical book by Karl E. Ryavec. == Overview == From the Paleolithic and Neolithic periods up to the present day (2015), this book documents the cultural and religious sites that can be found across the Tibetan Plateau and the regions that border it. It talks about the five most important times in Tibetan history and gives 49 maps and information about Tibetan areas in the west, the middle, and the east. == Reception == Writing for the Geographical Review, Emily T. Yeh, Professor of Geography at the University of Colorado Boulder suggests that the book "[The book] is a stunning achievement. Gorgeously designed, with forty-nine original maps and many more photographs of artwork, temples, and historical and contemporary landscapes." In a review for Himalayan Journal, Christian Jahoda of Austrian Academy of Sciences writes, "What makes this book so valuable and unique is, first, the fact that the focus is on Tibet as a cultural and linguistic realm in its own right. Second, it is neither reduced to the confines of the Tibet Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China nor to Tibetan-speaking populations in adjacent Chinese territories (that is, in addition to TAR, Qinghai, Gansu, Sichuan, and Yunnan), but includes areas and sites in northwestern India, northern China, Mongolia, and Beijing. Third, the author’s methodological approach, basing the maps for the whole historical period largely on a database of religious sites (approximately 2,925 Buddhist and Bonpo temples and monasteries), is comprehensible on account of the interrelationships between densities of temples and monasteries and socio- economic patterns, such as forms of land use, trade routes, etc... Fourth, the maps offer an unprecedented opportunity to study the development of certain macroregions, particularly in terms of their religious and political affiliations, over more or less long historical period." Tim Chamberlain, a doctoral candidate at Birkbeck, University of London wrote in his review for the London School of Economics, "As the first historical atlas specifically centred on Tibet, this book will undoubtedly come to serve as an invaluable basic reference work for both students and established scholars across a wide array of academic disciplines. It will be of essential use to historians, anthropologists, historical geographers, digital cartographers, archaeologists and scholars of religion and other aspects of Tibetan culture and society." Nirupama Rao, former Indian diplomat writes in India Today, "...historical Tibet is juxtaposed against a present that is geo-political rather than the geo-civilisational is clear throughout this work." == References == Category:Books about Tibet Category:University of Chicago Press books
72334602	A History of Architecture	A History of Architecture on the Comparative Method is a book about history of architecture by Banister Flight Fletcher and his father, Banister Fletcher, published in London in 1896. The book became a standard reference work, with updated editions published throughout the 20th century. The latest, 21st edition, was published in 2019. ==Editions== Murray Fraser wrote in his review about different editions: > The first edition was steeped in late-Victorian myths of empire. It covered > nothing outside Europe and the (ancient) Middle East. The 4th edition (1901) > added some other architectural traditions under the dismissive title of "The > Non-Historical Styles". Non-Western architecture was likewise caricatured as > the stunted lower branches on the "Tree of Architecture" included in the 5th > and 6th editions (1905 and 1921). This attitude was partially tackled by > later General Editors, and a centenary 20th edition was published in 1996 > under Dan Cruickshank, yet their good intentions did little to resolve the > fundamental problem. A fully post-colonial reworking planned by John McKean > in the mid-2000s never happened, and post-colonialism itself has since been > absorbed into broader concepts of globalisation. ===20th-century editions=== There was a major revision with the 6th edition in 1921, when much of the text was rewritten by Banister Flight Fletcher and his first wife. This was over twenty years after his father's death, and for this edition, his father's name was dropped, and the numerous drawings were replaced by new ones by George G. Woodward and others. According to J. Mordaunt Crook, this edition concentrated "on supplying an epitomised history of world architecture" such that "Fletcher turned a useful handbook into a veritable student's bible". Fletcher produced the sixteenth edition shortly before his death in 1953. A centenary 20th edition edited by Dan Cruickshank was produced in 1996.Cruickshank, Dan (editor), Banister Fletcher's A History of Architecture, Architectural Press, 20th edition, 1996. ===21st-century editions=== The 21st edition was published in 2019, edited by Murray Fraser and Catherine Gregg, under the sponsorship of the RIBA. Retitled as Sir Banister Fletcher's Global History of Architecture, it aims to correct the historical western-centric imbalance of the content, which has been tackled by earlier editions, but not eradicated. The RIBA claims that the expanded edition, written by 88 experts from around the world, represents the most comprehensive survey of global architecture to date. In a review of the new edition, Preeti Chopra writes that "Banister Fletcher's Global History uses as its starting point 3500 BCE, commonly accepted as the beginning of the 'urban revolution', and concludes with the present day. A neutral framework divides the volumes into seven parts covering sequential and broad periods that unfold in linear time without focusing on particular historical events or favouring particular regions. ... Acknowledging that this edition bears only some 'traces' of the original works, Fraser defends the use of Sir Banister Fletcher's name in the title by affirming that 'just as no man is an island, nothing stands anew'." File:Prehistoric_Architecture_1.jpg|Prehistoric architecture. 17th ed. File:Great_Pyramid_of_Cheops-Gizeh32.jpg|Great Pyramid of Cheops. 17th ed. File:West_Asiatic_Architecture_68.jpg|Ziggurats. 17th ed. File:Acropolis-Athens_100.jpg|Acropolis, Athens. 17th ed. File:Baths_of_Cracalla,_Rome,_the_Tepidarum._Wellcome_M0007350.jpg|Baths of Cracalla, Rome, the Tepidarum. 7th ed. File:Antwerp_Cathedral_572.jpg|Antwerp Cathedral. 17th ed. File:FGothic_details_563.jpg|French Gothic. 17th ed. File:A_history_of_architecture_on_the_comparative_method_for_the_student,_craftsman,_and_amateur_- _The_Tree_of_Architecture.png|The Tree of Architecture. 7th ed. == References == == Further reading == * Category:Architectural history Category:Architecture books
72575801	A K M Nazmul Hasan	AKM Nazmul Hasan is a Major General in the Bangladesh Army who is incumbent Director General of Boarder Guards Bangladesh (BGB). Prior to Join here, he served as Director General of Bangladesh Ansar and Village Defence Party. He also served as General officer Commanding (GOC) of 11th Infantry Division & Area Commander, Bogura Area. == Early life and education == Hasan joined Bangladesh Military Academy with 18th BMA Long course in 15 July 1986 and was commissioned on 24 June 1988. He holds Bachelor of Science (BSc) degree from Chittagong University and Masters on Defence Studies (MDS) degree from the National University. He has also completed Army Staff Course from Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur and National Defence Course from National Defence College of Bangladesh. == Career == General nazmul join Bangladesh Ansar and VDP on 21 July 2022. He replaced Major General Mizanur Rahman Shamim. He is also the Chairman of Ansar-VDP Unnayan Bank. He served as GOC of Bogura Area for more than 2 years. He also served as Director of Counter Intelligence Bureau at Directorate General of Forces Intelligence Headquarters. Nazmul successfully completed United Nation Peacekeeping Mission in Bosnia Herzegovina as a platoon commander in 1994 at Bihac Pocket and Officer Commanding of Sector Reserve at Nyala, Darfur, Sudan in 2010. On 17th January, 2023 Govt appoint him as the Director General of Boarder Guards Bangladesh (BGB). == References == Category:Living people Category:Bangladesh Army generals Category:Bangladesh Ansar Category:1969 births Category:National Defense College alumni Category:People from Faridpur District Category:Director Generals of Border Guards Bangladesh
72608739	A Bit of the Roman Aqueduct	A Bit of the Roman Aqueduct is a landscape painting by American painter George Inness. It was completed by the artist in 1852, likely in his studio in New York City. However, some scholarship suggests the possibility that Inness at least began work on the painting while in Italy the year before.Dion, Judy. "A Technical Comparison of Two Paintings from Inness's First Italian Trip." Philadelphia Museum of Art Bulletin, No. 2: George Inness in Italy, , pp. 44–60. The Philadelphia Museum of Art (2011). Retrieved from JSTOR on Jan. 5, 2023. The painting is held in the collections of the High Museum of Art in Atlanta, Georgia, where it is currently not on view.The collections of the High Museum of Art; Atlanta, Georgia; https://high.org/collections/a-bit-of- the-roman-aqueduct; retrieved Dec. 26, 2022. == Context == George Inness enjoyed a strong and early start to his artistic career. Starting as a teenager, Inness studied under multiple artists around New York City, such as John Jesse Barker and, later, Régis Gignoux. He debuted at the National Academy of Design in 1844 at nineteen years of age. Founded a generation prior by some of the preeminent artists of the Hudson River School such as Thomas Cole and Asher Durand, the Academy steeped the young Inness in the contemporary orthodoxy of American landscape painting.Dunlap, William, Frank W. Bayley, and Charles E. Goodspeed. A History of the Rise and Progress of the Arts of Design in the United States, Vol III. C.E. Goodspeed & Co., 1918, pp. 53–57. Retrieved on Google Books, Jan. 5, 2023. Inness would go on to open his first studio in New York City in 1848, at which point he began accepting patronages and commissions from the public. Contemporary counterpart Arthur Hoeber wrote of Inness's early success that "in truth he was really never without a serious patronage almost from the beginning."Daingerfield, Elliot and Arthur Hoeber. An Exhibition of Eighteen Pictures by the American Master of Landscape Painting, the late George Inness, N.A.. The Art Institute of Chicago, 1911, p. 5. Retrieved on Hathi Trust, Feb. 17, 2023. Inness received funding for his first voyage abroad through his patron, New York merchant Ogden Haggerty, in 1851.Gardner, James; "George Inness's Italian Days"; The Magazine Antiques: March/April 2011, Vol. 178 Issue 2, pp. 110–115, 113; . This would be the first of three journeys that Inness would make to Europe during his artistic career.Roberts, Norma J. (1988); The American Collections: The Columbus Museum of Art, p. 6; https://archive.org/details/americancollecti0000colu/page/6/mode/2up, Retrieved Dec. 26, 2022. Beginning in 1851, Inness took up residence in Rome for fifteen months, where he primarily studied the works and techniques of 17th-century masters such as Nicolas Poussin and Salvator Rosa. He rented a studio in Rome that was said to have been used by French landscape painter Claude Lorrain, as well as its more recent prior resident, Thomas Cole, who had reportedly used the space while on a European tour a decade prior in 1842.Gardner 2011, p. 113. His inspiration from these studies would lead Inness to deviate from his American roots in the Hudson River School, known for its depictions of nature as being wild and imperfect. Rather, Inness would pursue a more idyllic and poetic approach to depicting nature, some of the first stages of such experimentation being seen in A Bit of the Roman Aqueduct and other works he produced during and following this first trip to Europe. Inness's style would go on to evolve through multiple additional stages throughout his life, arriving finally at a signature haziness for which the artist would be most known.Alspaugh, Leann Davis. "George Inness: Gifts from Frank and Katherine Martucci." New Criterion. September 2013. Vol 32, Issue 1, pp. 49–51. Retrieved Jan. 25, 2023. https://newcriterion.com/issues/2013/9/exhibition-note-7692. == Composition == thumb|Landscape with Cattle and Peasants, painted by Claude Lorrain in 1629. Here can be seen a similar use of billowing vegetation framing the background in contrast to activity in the foreground, as well as similar themes of shepherds with cattle in a rural scene. Most of A Bit of the Roman Aqueduct is dominated by towering foliage, which establishes the middle ground and frames the more distant background in contrast to the activity in the foreground. These bulging, verdant trees are the most striking example of the influence that the works of the 17th-century landscape painters, which Inness was studying while in Rome, had on the artist and his artistic product in this period.Gardner 2011, p. 113. A comparison has been made to Lorrain's Landscape with Cattle and Peasants, showing a clear inspiration for Inness's own work in the motifs and techniques of Lorrain.Mitchell, Mark D. George Inness in Italy Bulletin. The Philadelphia Museum of Art, 2011, p. 19. . Retrieved Jan. 25, 2023, via JSTOR The foreground of the painting is host to its dynamic movement. This comes in the form of a pair of Italian shepherds leading their cattle to the stream that runs from the bottom-right corner of the canvas, through the trees, and eventually out of view into the background.Bell, Adrienne Baxter. "George Inness and the Unfinished Painting"; The Magazine Antiques: November 2003, Vol. 164 Issue 5, pp. 108–115, 109; . Along the near- sided bank of this stream is a felled log, the gnarled branches of which extend out over the water. This appears as a vestige of Inness's origins in the Hudson River School, which depicted natural features as being more rugged. This log contrasts with the commanding trees overhead, which are painted much more in the idealized style of the 17th-century French landscapists.Mitchell 2011, p. 19. The background is visible only through the gap in the middle ground's foliage. Continuing farther and farther into the distance, the background is composed of multiple layers that eventually reach the horizon of the painting. The foremost of these layers depicts a stone bridge that appears to cross over the same stream flowing through the foreground. Beyond this, a second layer of the background shows a plain with vegetation that is bisected by the aqueduct for which the painting is named. The arches of the aqueduct are so small as to be barely visible, alluding to the historical distance of Rome's ancient achievements. Completing the background is a final distant layer of rising land formations, beginning with sloping hills and eventually giving way to distant mountains.Mitchell 2011, p. 19. == References == Category:1852 paintings Category:Landscape paintings Category:Oil on canvas paintings
72686083	A Date in the Park	A Date in the Park is a 2014 video game by British independent developer Cloak and Dagger Games. Described by the developer as a "short and mysterious free point and click adventure game", the game is based in Portugal and uses digitized photography of Tapada das Necessidades, a park in Lisbon, for background imagery. The developer stated the game was a side-project and "little experimental game" pending work on a larger project Legend of Hand and was developed over a three-month period. Following positive reception of the game, the developers placed the game on Steam Greenlight, leading to its release on Steam in 2016, and received recognition at the Adventure Game Studio Awards 2014. == Plot == The protagonist, Lou, has recently moved to Lisbon to take up a new job and start a new life, and meets a woman named Catarina at a bar on a night out. Catarina arranges to meet Lou the following day in the park Tapada das Necessidades. Upon arriving, Lou realises that he is unable to speak Portuguese and experiences difficulties communicating with the park staff. He attempts to rescue a duckling which has been attacked, covering him in blood, and puts the duckling in his jacket. After wandering through the park, Lou begins to worry he has been stood up by Catarina, until finding a note on a love-heart balloon precisely where they were to meet. The letter invites Lou to "play a little game", and Lou is directed towards another letter hidden within a music box. Within the music box is a letter directing Lou to finally meet at the gardener's shed. Once there, Lou finds a box, which upon opening reveals the severed head of the gardener. Fleeing from the park, he discovers the gardener's headless body. A police officer, coming across Lou, bloodied from the duckling, attempts to arrest him, but Lou is unable to understand him, and in a misunderstanding he is shot. Catherine appears from behind the officer and stabs him, revealing that she is behind the death of the gardener and luring Lou to the park. == Gameplay == thumb|left|A screenshot of A Date in the Park. A Date in the Park is a point and click adventure game using a two-click interface, with one mouse button used for character interaction and the other for observation. The game also contains an inventory to collect items to solve simple puzzles, such as keys. The player can walk by clicking on the area they would like Lou to travel to. A simple map is also available to assist in navigation to points of interest in the park, of which there are twenty areas. Once a player has visited an area, they can right-click to transition to the next area instantaneously instead of walking to it manually, in order to save time. == Reception == A Date in the Park received lukewarm reception from critics. Positive reviews emphasised the game's effective use of atmosphere and horror. Writing for Rock Paper Shotgun, Konstantinos Dimopoulos stated the game was a "creepy game with a distinct horror vibe, one with some smart and successful ideas and a silly and sick but not quite disturbing plot," evaluating the game as "absolutely worth the hour or so it takes to reach its cool finale." Eurogamer praised the game as a "deliciously creepy (game) with (an) expert ratcheting of unease." Jayisgames noted that although the game "starts off a little slow" with "tranquil moseying around", but found the game to be a "grand telling of a story" and "something that must really be experienced first hand." Some critics of the game also noted issues with pacing and storytelling. In a less favorable review, Willem Tjerkstra of Adventure Gamers found the game "didn't meet the same high standard as the developer's previous release," Mudlarks, stating the game's ending "leaves many questions unanswered" and that the low resolution and "somewhat pixelated look" of the game "takes away the feeling of immersion." Whilst GameSkinny praised the game for its "lovely foreshadowing" and scripting, they also noted replayability was "pretty poor" and "found the start of the game a little frustrating and tedious," although noting the slow pacing was part of the twist in the game. The game won 'Best Short Game' in the Adventure Game Studio Awards 2014, with the panel stating "the photographic backgrounds and ambient sounds make you feel like you are strolling through the park itself", noting that whilst the game was "a bit repetitive", "the good writing and amazing atmosphere make up for that". == References == == External links == * Category:2014 video games Category:Adventure Game Studio games Category:Freeware games Category:Indie games Category:Point-and-click adventure games Category:Single-player video games Category:Video games developed in the United Kingdom Category:Video games set in parks Category:Video games set in Portugal Category:Windows games Category:Windows-only games Category:Cloak and Dagger Games games
72698667	A Libyan Myth	A Libyan Myth (, Oration 5 in modern corpora) is a short speech or speech- fragment by Dio Chrysostom, telling the story of a mythical creature from Libya, perhaps Lamia, as an allegory for human passions, especially lust. The work is also important for an understanding of Dio's ideas about myth as allegory. It is debated whether the work is a stand-alone speech or an alternative ending to On Kingship IV. ==Attribution and background== A Libyan Myth begins and ends abruptly, with a short introduction and no conclusion. In On Kingship IV (73), Dio writes: The text of the myth does not actually appear in On Kingship IV, but context indicates that it is the same story as in A Libyan Myth. Accordingly, Hans von Arnim, editor of Dio's works suggested that A Libyan Myth was originally written as an alternative ending to On Kingship IV and subsequently turned into an independent work with the addition of a short preface. He attributed this to Arethas of Caesarea. This theory is still considered possible, but not proven. Rudolf Hirzel believed that the myth had been entirely invented by Dio. However, several ancient authors refer to "Libyan myths" as a genre of fable, associated particularly with Cybissus of Libya and the title given to the work implies that Dio expected the tale to be recognised as falling within that genre. ==Summary== The work begins with a short prologue (1-4) explaining that myths can be useful and beneficial, when they have allegorical meanings added to them, like fruit-bearing branches grafted onto a barren plant. Dio claims that the Libyan myth is an allegory for human passions (epithymiai). The rest of the work consists of three sections. The first section (5-17) describes the monster. Dio says that it lived on the shores of Syrtis in Libya and had the head, neck and breasts of a beautiful woman, with hidden claw-like hands and a scaly body, terminating in a tail with a snake's head at the end. It catches most of its prey by force, but humans through trickery, witchcraft, and lust (5-15). Although Dio does not use the name, this appears to be Lamia. Dio explains the allegorical meaning: In the second section (18-23), Dio recounts two attempts to wipe out the monsters. In the first, an anonymous Libyan king leads an expedition to their nest and sets it on fire. The king and his army depart quickly, but after they make camp for the night, surviving monsters attack the camp and kill them all. Subsequently, however, Heracles successfully eliminates the monsters as part of his labours to "tame the Earth" (18-21). Once again, Dio explains the allegory, which is about the elimination of passion from an individual's soul, which is "like a forbidding land full of difficult monsters." Most people make only a passing effort to purify their souls of passion and are then destroyed, like the Libyan king, when their passions remerge. A few manage to truly "tame" their souls, as Heracles tamed the Earth (22-23). In the third and final section (24-27), Dio recounts a final part of the myth, apparently set in historical times, "to entertain the younger men" or "to entertain from the more recent stories" (24).The manuscript tradition is divided between the two readings: According to Dio, a group of Greeks travelling through the Libyan desert with an armed escort to visit the Oracle of Ammon at Siwah caught sight of a Libyan woman partially buried in the sand. Two young men take her for a local hetaera (courtesan), but "putting her snake part forward" she kills them, leaving behind a corpse which rapidly putrefies. The Libyan guides of the expedition refuse to allow the other Greeks to touch this corpse, "so that they would not all be killed." The text breaks off abruptly, without explaining the meaning of this portion of the myth. Interpretation of this final section is probably intended as an exercise for the reader. ==Analysis== Dio expresses a sceptical attitude towards myth, dismissing myth as useless, except perhaps if used allegorically for moral instruction. This posture seems to be derived from Plato, who rejects attempts to rationalise myth (that is to find a "kernel of truth" in them) as a waste of time in Phaedrus 229c-e, but frequently retells and invents myths as allegories for philosophical truths. Dio's presentation of the passionate part of the soul as a monster or "beast" (thērion) also seems to derive from Plato, who presents the irrational part of the soul "a variegated and many-headed beast" in an allegorical myth in book 9 of The Republic (588c). Dio's work includes close verbal parallels with both passages. The representation of the Libyan landscape as inhospitable and dangerous is common in ancient Greek and Roman depictions of Libya, which Dio explains to be a metaphor for the human soul. In particular Heracles' taming of the taming of the landscape represents his successful taming of his own soul. The same allegorical interpretation of Heracles' journey through Libya appears in Apollonius of Rhodes' Argonautica (4.1235-49), and Herodorus of Heraclea's late-fifth or early fourth-century history of Heracles (fragment 17). Dio's work includes a very close verbal parallel with Herodorus' account and Dio presents Heracles as a model of the Cynic sage in other works, such as Diogenes or On Virtue. The same tradition lies behind the account of Cato the Younger's journey through the Libyan desert in book 9 of Lucan's De Bello Civili, generally understood as (serious or parodic) allegory for the Stoic effort to overcome vice and passion. Dio's myth has similarities with Lucian's The Dipsads and the episode of the "vine women" in his A True Story 1.6-9. Like Dio, Lucian emphasises that myth is untrue, and there are a number of structural and thematic similarities between the accounts, but Lucian does not claim that his stories reveal moral truths. It is likely that Lucian's accounts were inspired by A Libyan Myth, but they are not simple imitations. Dio clearly distinguishes the third and final part of the myth from the earlier parts: it is apparently set in historical time, the monster reappears despite Heracles having wiped them all out in the second section, and the account is presented without an allegorical explanation. The reappearance of the monster may indicate that each individual must tame the landscape of their soul anew. Richard Hunter suggests, alternatively, that the narrative implies that the monster in this part is meant to be a mirage and that the two men are killed by a snake bite, noting that the description of the putrefied body is similar to Greek literary descriptions of death by snakebite.These ultimately derive from Nicander of Colophon Theriaca 405-10: He proposes that Dio uses the contrast to suggest that myths arise from our own mental states and expectations; the Greeks interpret the event as an encounter with the monster, because in the wilderness they expect to find it. ==Editions== * * ==References== ==Bibliography== * * * * * * * * * ==External links== *Full text of the speech on LacusCurtius Category:Ancient Greek orations Category:1st-century literature Category:Heracles Category:Monsters in Greek mythology Category:Libya in Greek mythology Category:Succubi Category:Legendary serpents
72843275	A House Made of Splinters	A House Made of Splinters () is a 2022 documentary film by the Danish film director Simon Lereng Wilmont, created with the support of the State Agency of Ukraine for Film Affairs. An international co-production with Denmark, Ukraine, Sweden and Finland, it follows the story of children from a special orphanage in eastern Ukraine. The film had its world premiere at the 2022 Sundance Film Festival on 26 January 2022, where it won the best director award in the World Cinema Documentary section. The film also won the international competition Golden Alexander Award for best film as well as the FIPRESCI Award at the 24th Thessaloniki Documentary Festival in March 2022. It was selected for Best Documentary Feature and subsequently shortlisted from 144 eligible to 15 films and then nominated for 95th Academy Awards in the said category. ==Content== The war in eastern Ukraine took a heavy toll, especially on the poor families living near the front lines. The film presents the stories of children from a special orphanage in Lysychansk in eastern Ukraine. A small group of social workers is taking care of children who have been temporarily removed from their parents and are waiting for custody decisions. The heroes of the tape were also several educators who, in the conditions of the war with Russia, are trying to create a safe space for children near the front line. While children are being cared for, adult children are in danger, until the state authorities and courts decide the further fate of children. ==Production== The filming of the documentary lasted for more than two years in Donbas. It was created in the co-production of Sweden, Finland, Denmark and Ukraine with the support of the State Agency of Ukraine for Film Affairs. ==Release== The film had its world premiere at the 2022 Sundance Film Festival on 26 January 2022. It was invited at the Gothenburg International Film Festival held from 27 January to 5 February 2022, and at the 24th Thessaloniki Documentary Festival held from 10 March to 20 March 2022, where it won Golden Alexander Award-Best Film as well as the FIPRESCI Award. Later it was screened at CPH:DOX, the Copenhagen International Documentary Film Festival held from March 23 to April 3, 2022. In April 2022, it was screened at the Swiss documentary film festival Visions du Réel and then at the 29th edition of Hot Docs Canadian International Documentary Festival. In May 2022, it was presented at DOK.fest Munich and at the Israeli documentary film festival Docaviv. In June 2022, it was screened at the Sydney Film Festival. In July, it was selected at the 19th edition of the Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival held from 10 to 17 July, in the 'International Full-Length Competition'. In September, the film featured in the Competition Program of AJB DOC held from 9 to 13 September. In October 2022, it was presented at the Semana Internacional de Cine de Valladolid and at the Osnabrück Film Festival and on 3 November 2022 at the Lübeck Nordic Film Days. On January 17, 2023, American Documentary reported that POV (a cinema term for “point of view”) had acquired the film and it will make its national broadcast premiere on PBS, American Experience, as part of POV's 36th season launching summer 2023. On February 14, 2023, it was reported by Deadline that Giant Pictures had acquired US theatrical and VOD rights to the film and , it was released on digital platforms in USA including Apple TV+, Amazon Prime Video and it is also running at select Alamo Drafthouse locations around USA. ==Reception== On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 97% approval rating based on reviews from 35 critics, with an average rating of 7.6/10. The site's critics consensus reads: "Taking a brilliantly unobtrusive approach, A House Made of Splinters uncovers heartbreak and hope while observing the generational effects of war." On Metacritic, it has a weighted average score of 79 out of 100 based on 9 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". ===Critical response=== Jack Seale reviewing for The Guardian rated the film with 4 stars out of 5 and wrote, "Full of almost intolerably cold, hard truths about what happens to little ones when society is fractured." Daniel Fienberg of Hollywood Reporter admiring the moments of beauty wrote, "I admired the moments of beauty that Wilmont delivers in a film that isn’t quite consistent enough in its storytelling approach." Concluding Fienberg opined, "Even if A House Made of Splinters can't completely decide if it wants to tell a story or the repetition of devastation and ephemeral uplift is enough, the faces here linger long after the movie ends." Guy Lodge reviewing for Variety praised the cinematography of the film, writing, "Lereng Wilmont’s filmmaking [is] marked by unusual tenderness and human interest, shot with a camera that feels all but invisible to its subjects". Concluding, Lodge stated, "A House Made of Splinters indulges in passages of visual poetry — light dancing on enraptured faces, two children’s silhouettes tracing the patterns on a backlit voile curtain," he added, "– that feel earned, granting breathing space and beauty to an environment that needs them most." Elena Lazic wrote in Cineuropa, that the film "offers a window into [reality of life in Eastern Ukraine] through a temporary house for children who cannot be looked after by their parents". In concluding paragraph, Lazic rued that the film, "does not provide any groundbreaking ideas on the cycles of addiction, violence and neglect," next giving positive aspects of the film, she added, "but it does show what a difference even a flickering ray of hope can make in the lives of children." The New York Times honored the film by assigning it with the prestigious 'Critic's Pick' and reviewing it Nicolas Rapold wrote "A House Made of Splinters is made with such aching sensitivity that it’s a marvel a camera was used and not some form of mind-meld". == Accolades == Award Date of ceremony Category Recipient(s) Result Sundance Film Festival 30 January 2022 Best director – World Cinema Documentary Competition Simon Lereng Wilmont Göteborg International Film Festival 5 February 2022 Dragon Award Best Nordic Documentary A House Made of Splinters Thessaloniki Documentary Festival 20 March 2022 Golden Alexander Award A House Made of Splinters Thessaloniki Documentary Festival 20 March 2022 FIPRESCI Award A House Made of Splinters One World Film Festival 2 April 2022 International Competition Jury Award for the Best Film A House Made of Splinters Copenhagen International Documentary Film Festival 3 April 2022 Politiken:DOX Award A House Made of Splinters ZagrebDox 10 April 2022 Movies That Matter Competition (main prize) A House Made of Splinters European Film Awards 10 December 2022 European Documentary A House Made of Splinters IDA Documentary Awards 10 December 2022 Best Documentary A House Made of Splinters Best Director Simon Lereng Wilmont Best Cinematography Cinema Eye Honors 12 January 2023 Outstanding Production Monica Hellström Outstanding Cinematography Simon Lereng Wilmont Independent Spirit Awards 4 March 2023 Best Documentary Feature A House Made of Splinters Academy Awards 12 March 2023 Best Documentary Feature A House Made of Splinters ==References== ==External links== * * * * A House Made of Splinters on Cinephil * A House Made of Splinters on Giant Pictures Category:2022 films Category:2022 documentary films Category:Ukrainian-language films Category:Danish documentary films Category:Swedish documentary films Category:Finnish documentary films Category:Documentary films about children in war Category:Works about the Russo-Ukrainian War Category:Lysychansk
72936450	A Compassionate Spy	A Compassionate Spy is a 2022 American-British documentary film written and directed by Steve James. It premiered out of competition at the 79th edition of the Venice Film Festival. ==Plot== Through a long interview with the subject and his wife, archive footage and some dramatic reenactments, the film tells the story of Manhattan Project physicist and Soviet Union spy Theodore Hall. ==Release== The film had its world premiere at the premiered out of competition at the 79th Venice International Film Festival on September 2, 2022. It was later screened at various festivals including the Telluride Film Festival, the Chicago International Film Festival, and the Palm Springs International Film Festival. ==Reception== In spite of its mostly positive reception, the reenactments were criticized by Guy Lodge from Variety, describing it as "unnecessary", and making the film "more televisual than in James's best work", David Ehrlich from IndieWire wrote that the reenactments were a "miscalculation that keeps [the film] at arm’s length." ==References== ==External links== * Category:2022 documentary films Category:2022 films Category:American documentary films
73284906	A Guilty Conscience (2023 film)	A Guilty Conscience is a 2023 Hong Kong mystery crime comedy film written and directed by Jack Ng, in his directorial debut. It stars an ensemble cast including Dayo Wong, Louise Wong and Tse Kwan-ho. The plot follows a court of a single mother (Louise Wong) charged with the murder of her daughter, and an attorney (Dayo Wong) vows to clear her name after a mistake resulted the mother's wrongly sentence. A Guilty Conscience was released on 21 January 2023, coinciding with the Chinese New Year's Eve. It received acclaim for its screenwriting, direction and acting, particularly that of Dayo Wong, Louise Wong and Tse. The film grossed HK$114,293,675 and became the highest-grossing Chinese film in Hong Kong till now, surpassing 2022 film Warriors of Future. ==Plot== In 2002, Adrian Lam (Dayo Wong), a former barrister-turned-magistrate who recently demoted by his superior due to his attitude to colleagues, has return to the field of barrister-in-law after suggested by his friend/senior barrister T. K. Ho (Vincent Kok). Ho referred a case to Lam, which the defendant Jolene Tsang (Louise Wong), a former model-turned-single-mother, has involved child abuse to her daughter, Elsa, who is now in coma. Lam takes over Tsang's case as her attorney, in partner with fellow barrister Evelyn Fong (Renci Yeung) who is suggested by her mentor Ho, and legal executive Prince (Dee Ho Kai-Wah). Through the first trial in court, they examined witness Ball Chan, a security guard in Tsang's residential area. However, Fong has found a loophole in Chan's testimony. Later that night, Elsa wakes from the coma, Lam, Fong and Prince come to hospital in order to record a testimony from Elsa, but she later died from a cerebral bleed. Tsang is then charged manslaughter. Lam found Tsang's lover, Desmond Chung (Adam Pak), and acknowledges Desmond has appeared at Tsang's residence that night. Lam enlisted Desmond as the key witness in the trial, but Fong worried about the situation of Desmond's, who is also the husband of Victoria Chung (Fish Liew), a daughter of powerful tycoon and an enemy of Tsang, which will be a threat to the case. At the final trial, due to Lam's mistake of not taking a formal testimony record, Desmond suddenly changed his testimony, which resulted in Tsang's 17 years of prison sentence. Condemned by Fong, Lam realized himself has made the biggest mistake ever and ended up in despairing himself. After his former classmate and now ICAC assistant commissioner Luk (Bowie Lam) found and encouraged him, Lam decided to move his law firm to Mong Kok to help more people in order to redeem his wrong-doings. Two years later, Ball Chan, who went disappearance after the trial and returned to Hong Kong due to his terminal illness, has confessed himself to Lam and Prince shortly prior to his death, which he was once bribed by the Chung's couple to fabricate his testimony in order to frame Tsang up. Lam determined to initiate the reversion of Tsang's conviction, and reconciled with Fong, who initially rejected Lam but later decided to forgive him after enlightened by Ho. The High Court approved the reversion, but at the meantime, the Department of Justice (DoJ) decided to convict Tsang against murder. The DoJ assigned senior prosecutor Kam Yuen-Shan (Tse Kwan-Ho) to charge against Tsang. After the first trial, where Lam has realized a loophole by Kam, decided to revisit Tsang residence to reconstruct the case with Fong. The two realize Victoria has visit the residence before Desmond's arrival, during Tsang's hangover in the sitting room after taking care of Elsa in sleep. Lam decided to take a move to recording crime-committing evidence of Victoria, by sending his man to take wiretapping to the Chung's residence. Lam then used the recording to ambush the trial, which lead to Kam's objection. Meanwhile, Chungs' legal adviser and longtime friend, barrister James Tung (Michael Wong), takes a counteraction to Lam, to make him into police custody against his wiretapping action. Lam make himself on time to arrive to court with Prince, who helped with tricks to make the police to release him. Lam made up a plan with Fong in the final trial, to make Tung and the Chungs to confess the truth. Lam also suggest a plan to Kam, after Kam is revealed to know the truth, they finally agree to allied. At the trial, both Lam and Kam made Desmond to confess that both Desmond and Victoria were the real murderers to Elsa, which Victoria had Elsa crashed to the table corner which resulted into cerebral bleeding, and Desmond then fed her with water to accelerate to her death. Tsang breaks into tears after learning the desperate truth from the confession of his lover. Tsang is cleared of her murder charges and finally get her release. The Chungs and Tung are then arrested by the ICAC, lead by Luk, and the police for their crimes. Lam, Fong, Prince and Tsang celebrates of their victory, and Lam decided to partner with Fong and Prince to form a new law firm, which Lam continues to help more civilians in his commitment of good deeds. ==Cast== * Dayo Wong as Adrian Lam, a barrister who act as attorney in Jolene Tsang's case. * Tse Kwan-ho as Kam Yuen-Shan, a prosecutor of the Department of Justice who is assigned to charge against Tsang. * Louise Wong as Jolene Tsang, defendant of Lam's murder case. * Fish Liew as Victoria Chung, wife of Desmond Chung * Adam Pak as Desmond Cheung, husband of Victoria Chung * Michael Wong as James Tung, a retired senior barrister and a longtime friend of the Chung's family * Dee Ho as Prince, a legal executive to Adrian Lam * Renci Yeung as Evelyn Fong, a barrister work under T.K. Ho's law firm * Bowie Lam as Luk Ting-Hang, an ICAC assistant commissioner and classmate of Lam during law school at university * Vincent Kok as TK Ho, friend of Adrian and superior of Evelyn Fong * Sheldon Lo as Ben, a solicitor and assistant of James Tung ==Production== Screenwriter Jack Ng has aspired to be a director since his graduation from Hong Kong Academy of Performing Arts in 2000. However, he decided to turn to screenwriting which lasted for more than 20 years. After co-writing Anita with writer/director Longman Leung, producer Bill Kong invited Ng to make his directorial debut feature. With a mid-range budget and co-funding by the Hong Kong Film Development Fund, Ng came up a theme idea of court drama, and both Ng and Kong cast Dayo Wong as the lead actor. Filming began on May 23, 2022 and wrapped up on July 2, 2022. The court scenes were mainly filmed in North Kowloon Magistracy, which has been a historic building since it ceased operation. ==References== ==External links== * * * * * Category:2023 films Category:2023 crime films Category:2023 comedy films Category:Courtroom films Category:Hong Kong crime comedy films Category:Hong Kong mystery films Category:Films about domestic violence Category:Works about child abuse Category:Films about lawyers Category:2020s Cantonese-language films Category:Films based on actual events Category:Films set in Hong Kong Category:Films shot in Hong Kong Category:2023 directorial debut films
73381716	A Girl and an Astronaut	A Girl and an Astronaut () is a Polish sci-fi drama romance television series created by Netflix, based on an idea by Bartek Prokopowicz and Jakub Korolczuk. ==Synopsis== It is 2022, and Niko is a young arrogant fighter pilot who gets the opportunity of a lifetime: to go into outer space in a Russian capsule for 24 hours, as part of a private experiment on human cryopreservation. He is madly in love with Marta, who is equally pursued by Niko's best friend, Bogdan. Shortly after being launched into orbit, Niko begins to hallucinate and accidentally sets the capsule timer for thirty years, immediately going into sub-hibernation. In 2052, Marta is married to Bogdan, and they have a daughter, Oliwia. One day, Niko's capsule reappears in the sky and lands in the ocean. SkyCOMM, the Russian company that launched him into space, retrieves it and brings it back to Russia. There, Nadia, who thirty years before was a seven-year-old girl whose grandfather was the doctor in charge of Niko's health and training, now suffers from ALS and wants to use Niko's stem cells to find a cure. Marta travels to Russia to bring Niko, who hasn't aged, back home, but is prevented from doing so by the Russians. Niko eventually escapes, with SkyCOMM operatives in pursuit. ==Cast and characters== * Vanessa Aleksander as young Marta * Jedrzej Hycnar as Niko * Jakub Sasak as young Bogdan * Magdalena Cielecka as Marta * Andrzej Chyra as Bogdan * Zofia Jastrzebska as young Karolina * Anna Cieslak as Karolina * Daria Polunina as Nadia * Andrew Zhuravsky as JJ * Grzegorz Damięcki as Wiktor Rosa * Helena Rzasa as Oliwia ==References== ==External links== * * Category:2023 Polish television series debuts Category:Polish-language Netflix original programming Category:Television shows set in Poland Category:Polish science fiction television series Category:Polish drama television series Category:Polish romance television series Category:2020s Polish television series Category:Television series set in 2022 Category:Fiction set in 2052 Category:Television series about astronauts
73467161	A History of the Negro Troops in the War of the Rebellion, 1861–1865	A History of the Negro Troops in the War of the Rebellion, 1861–1865 by George Washington Williams (published 1888) was a major book-length academic history of military history of African Americans in the American Civil War. Carter G. Woodson called it "one of the most valuable accounts of the Civil War." Williams himself served with the U.S. Colored Troops. Williams has been described as "the finest black prose stylist of his day" and his History showcases this skill.Mohr, Clarence L. “Bibliographical Essay: Southern Blacks in the Civil War: A Century of Historiography.” The Journal of Negro History, vol. 59, no. 2, 1974, pp. 177–95. JSTOR, https://doi.org/10.2307/2717330. Accessed 4 Apr. 2023. Williams' book has been called the most important of a trio of histories of 19th-century African-American military histories written by black authors, alongside Williams Wells Brown's The Negro in the American Rebellion and Joseph T. Wilson's The Black Phalanx. Williams' historiographic use of newspaper reports, soliciting records of local groups through newspaper advertisements, and oral histories, including traveling to interview soldiers, was pioneering. The creation of the book is considered a part of the "birth of black studies." == See also == * == References == == External links == * HathiTrust.org: Full text of A history of the negro troops in the war of the rebellion, 1861-1865, preceded by a review of the military services of negroes in ancient and modern times, by George W. Williams. Category:1888 non-fiction books Category:Military history of African Americans in the American Civil War Category:African Americans in the American Civil War Category:African-American history of the United States military Category:History books about the American Civil War
73670	A Christmas Carol	A Christmas Carol. In Prose. Being a Ghost Story of Christmas, commonly known as A Christmas Carol, is a novella by Charles Dickens, first published in London by Chapman & Hall in 1843 and illustrated by John Leech. A Christmas Carol recounts the story of Ebenezer Scrooge, an elderly miser who is visited by the ghost of his former business partner Jacob Marley and the spirits of Christmas Past, Present and Yet to Come. After their visits, Scrooge is transformed into a kinder, gentler man. Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol during a period when the British were exploring and re-evaluating past Christmas traditions, including carols, and newer customs such as cards and Christmas trees. He was influenced by the experiences of his own youth and by the Christmas stories of other authors, including Washington Irving and Douglas Jerrold. Dickens had written three Christmas stories prior to the novella, and was inspired following a visit to the Field Lane Ragged School, one of several establishments for London's street children. The treatment of the poor and the ability of a selfish man to redeem himself by transforming into a more sympathetic character are the key themes of the story. There is discussion among academics as to whether this is a fully secular story, or if it is a Christian allegory. Published on 19 December, the first edition sold out by Christmas Eve; by the end of 1844 thirteen editions had been released. Most critics reviewed the novella favourably. The story was illicitly copied in January 1844; Dickens took legal action against the publishers, who went bankrupt, further reducing Dickens's small profits from the publication. He went on to write four other Christmas stories in subsequent years. In 1849 he began public readings of the story, which proved so successful he undertook 127 further performances until 1870, the year of his death. A Christmas Carol has never been out of print and has been translated into several languages; the story has been adapted many times for film, stage, opera and other media. A Christmas Carol captured the zeitgeist of the early Victorian revival of the Christmas holiday. Dickens acknowledged the influence of the modern Western observance of Christmas and later inspired several aspects of Christmas, including family gatherings, seasonal food and drink, dancing, games and a festive generosity of spirit. ==Plot== The book is divided into five chapters, which Dickens titled "staves". ===Stave one=== A Christmas Carol opens on a bleak, cold Christmas Eve in London, seven years after the death of Ebenezer Scrooge's business partner, Jacob Marley. Scrooge, an ageing miser, dislikes Christmas and refuses a dinner invitation from his nephew Fred. He turns away two men who seek a donation from him to provide food and heating for the poor and only grudgingly allows his overworked, underpaid clerk, Bob Cratchit, Christmas Day off with pay to conform to the social custom. That night Scrooge is visited at home by Marley's ghost, who wanders the Earth entwined by heavy chains and money boxes forged during a lifetime of greed and selfishness. Marley tells Scrooge that he has a single chance to avoid the same fate: he will be visited by three spirits and must listen or be cursed to carry much heavier chains of his own. ===Stave two=== The first spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Past, takes Scrooge to Christmas scenes of Scrooge's boyhood, reminding him of a time when he was more innocent. The scenes reveal Scrooge's lonely childhood at boarding school, his relationship with his beloved sister Fan, who died young while giving birth to Fred, and a Christmas party hosted by his first employer, Mr Fezziwig, who treated him like a son. Scrooge's neglected fiancée Belle is shown ending their relationship, as she realises that he will never love her as much as he loves money. Finally, they visit a now-married Belle with her large, happy family on the Christmas Eve that Marley died. Scrooge, upset by hearing Belle's description of the man that he has become, demands that the ghost remove him from the house. ===Stave three=== The second spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Present, takes Scrooge to a joyous market with people buying the makings of Christmas dinner and to celebrations of Christmas in a miner's cottage and in a lighthouse. Scrooge and the ghost also visit Fred's Christmas party. A major part of this stave is taken up with Bob Cratchit's family feast and introduces his youngest son, Tiny Tim, a happy boy who is seriously ill. The spirit informs Scrooge that Tiny Tim will die unless the course of events changes. Before disappearing, the spirit shows Scrooge two hideous, emaciated children named Ignorance and Want. He tells Scrooge to beware the former above all and mocks Scrooge's concern for their welfare. ===Stave four=== thumb|upright|alt=Black and white drawing of Scrooge and Bob Cratchit having a drink in front of a large fire|Scrooge and Bob Cratchit celebrate Christmas in an illustration from stave five of the original edition, 1843. The third spirit, the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come, shows Scrooge a Christmas Day in the future. The silent ghost reveals scenes involving the death of a disliked man whose funeral is attended by local businessmen only on condition that lunch is provided. His charwoman, laundress and the local undertaker steal his possessions to sell to a fence. When he asks the spirit to show a single person who feels emotion over his death, he is only given the pleasure of a poor couple who rejoice that his death gives them more time to put their finances in order. When Scrooge asks to see tenderness connected with any death, the ghost shows him Bob Cratchit and his family mourning the death of Tiny Tim. The ghost then allows Scrooge to see a neglected grave, with a tombstone bearing Scrooge's name. Sobbing, Scrooge pledges to change his ways. ===Stave five=== Scrooge awakens on Christmas morning a changed man. He makes a large donation to the charity he rejected the previous day, anonymously sends a large turkey to the Cratchit home for Christmas dinner and spends the afternoon at Fred's Christmas party. The following day he gives Cratchit an increase in pay, and begins to become a father figure to Tiny Tim. From then on Scrooge treats everyone with kindness, generosity and compassion, embodying the spirit of Christmas. ==Background== The writer Charles Dickens was born to a middle- class family which got into financial difficulties as a result of the spendthrift nature of his father John. In 1824 John was committed to the Marshalsea, a debtors' prison in Southwark, London. Dickens, aged 12, was forced to pawn his collection of books, leave school and work at a dirty and rat-infested shoe-blacking factory. The change in circumstances gave him what his biographer, Michael Slater, describes as a "deep personal and social outrage", which heavily influenced his writing and outlook. By the end of 1842 Dickens was a well-established author, having written six major works, as well as several short stories, novellas and other pieces. On 31 December that year he began publishing his novel Martin Chuzzlewit as a monthly serial; the novel was his favourite work, but sales were disappointing and he faced temporary financial difficulties. Celebrating the Christmas season had been growing in popularity through the Victorian era. The Christmas tree had been introduced in Britain during the 18th century, and its use was popularised by Queen Victoria and Prince Albert. Their practice was copied in many homes across the country. In the early 19th century there had been a revival of interest in Christmas carols, following a decline in popularity over the previous hundred years. The publication of Davies Gilbert's 1823 work Some Ancient Christmas Carols, With the Tunes to Which They Were Formerly Sung in the West of England and William Sandys's 1833 collection Christmas Carols, Ancient and Modern led to a growth in the form's popularity in Britain. Dickens had an interest in Christmas, and his first story on the subject was "Christmas Festivities", published in Bell's Weekly Messenger in 1835; the story was then published as "A Christmas Dinner" in Sketches by Boz (1836). "The Story of the Goblins Who Stole a Sexton", another Christmas story, appeared in the 1836 novel The Pickwick Papers. In the episode, a Mr Wardle describes a misanthropic sexton, Gabriel Grub, who undergoes a Christmas conversion after being visited by goblins who show him the past and future. Slater considers that "the main elements of the Carol are present in the story", but not yet in a firm form. The story is followed by a passage about Christmas in Dickens's editorial Master Humphrey's Clock. The professor of English literature Paul Davis writes that although the "Goblins" story appears to be a prototype of A Christmas Carol, all Dickens's earlier writings about Christmas influenced the story. ===Literary influences=== Dickens was not the first author to celebrate the Christmas season in literature. Among earlier authors who influenced Dickens was Washington Irving, whose 1819–20 work The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. included four essays on old English Christmas traditions that he experienced while staying at Aston Hall near Birmingham. The tales and essays attracted Dickens, and the two authors shared the belief that returning to Christmas traditions might promote a type of social connection that they felt had been lost in the modern world. Several works may have had an influence on the writing of A Christmas Carol, including two Douglas Jerrold essays: one from an 1841 issue of Punch, "How Mr. Chokepear Keeps a Merry Christmas" and one from 1843, "The Beauties of the Police". More broadly, Dickens was influenced by fairy tales and nursery stories, which he closely associated with Christmas, because he saw them as stories of conversion and transformation. ===Social influences=== upright|thumb|alt=A man with shoulder- length black hair, sitting at a desk, writing with a quill|Charles Dickens in 1842, the year before the publication of A Christmas Carol Dickens was touched by the lot of poor children in the middle decades of the 19th century. In early 1843 he toured the Cornish tin mines, where he was angered by seeing children working in appalling conditions. The suffering he witnessed there was reinforced by a visit to the Field Lane Ragged School, one of several London schools set up for the education of the capital's half-starved, illiterate street children. In February 1843 the Second Report of the Children's Employment Commission was published. It was a parliamentary report exposing the effects of the Industrial Revolution upon working class children. Horrified by what he read, Dickens planned to publish an inexpensive political pamphlet tentatively titled, An Appeal to the People of England, on behalf of the Poor Man's Child, but changed his mind, deferring the pamphlet's production until the end of the year. In March he wrote to Dr Southwood Smith, one of the four commissioners responsible for the Second Report, about his change in plans: "you will certainly feel that a Sledge hammer has come down with twenty times the force—twenty thousand times the force—I could exert by following out my first idea". In a fundraising speech on 5 October 1843 at the Manchester Athenaeum, Dickens urged workers and employers to join together to combat ignorance with educational reform, and realised in the days following that the most effective way to reach the broadest segment of the population with his social concerns about poverty and injustice was to write a deeply felt Christmas narrative rather than polemical pamphlets and essays. ===Writing history=== By mid-1843 Dickens began to suffer from financial problems. Sales of Martin Chuzzlewit were falling off, and his wife, Catherine, was pregnant with their fifth child. Matters worsened when Chapman & Hall, his publishers, threatened to reduce his monthly income by £50 if sales dropped further. He began A Christmas Carol in October 1843. Michael Slater, Dickens's biographer, describes the book as being "written at white heat"; it was completed in six weeks, the final pages being written in early December. He built much of the work in his head while taking night-time walks of around London. Dickens's sister-in-law wrote how he "wept, and laughed, and wept again, and excited himself in a most extraordinary manner, in composition". Slater says that A Christmas Carol was > intended to open its readers' hearts towards those struggling to survive on > the lower rungs of the economic ladder and to encourage practical > benevolence, but also to warn of the terrible danger to society created by > the toleration of widespread ignorance and actual want among the poor. George Cruikshank, the illustrator who had earlier worked with Dickens on Sketches by Boz (1836) and Oliver Twist (1838), introduced him to the caricaturist John Leech. By 24 October Dickens invited Leech to work on A Christmas Carol, and four hand-coloured etchings and four black-and-white wood engravings by the artist accompanied the text. Dickens's hand-written manuscript of the story does not include the sentence in the penultimate paragraph "... and to Tiny Tim, who did not die"; this was added later, during the printing process. ==Characters== The central character of A Christmas Carol is Ebenezer Scrooge, a miserly London-based businessman, described in the story as "a squeezing, wrenching, grasping, scraping, clutching, covetous old sinner!" Kelly writes that Scrooge may have been influenced by Dickens's conflicting feelings for his father, whom he both loved and demonised. This psychological conflict may be responsible for the two radically different Scrooges in the tale—one a cold, stingy and greedy semi-recluse, the other a benevolent, sociable man. The professor of English literature Robert Douglas- Fairhurst considers that in the opening part of the book covering young Scrooge's lonely and unhappy childhood, and his aspiration for money to avoid poverty "is something of a self-parody of Dickens's fears about himself"; the post-transformation parts of the book are how Dickens optimistically sees himself. Scrooge could also be based on two misers: the eccentric John Elwes, MP, or Jemmy Wood, the owner of the Gloucester Old Bank and also known as "The Gloucester Miser". According to the sociologist Frank W. Elwell, Scrooge's views on the poor are a reflection of those of the demographer and political economist Thomas Malthus, while the miser's questions "Are there no prisons? ... And the Union workhouses? ... The treadmill and the Poor Law are in full vigour, then?" are a reflection of a sarcastic question raised by the philosopher Thomas Carlyle, "Are there not treadmills, gibbets; even hospitals, poor-rates, New Poor-Law?" There are literary precursors for Scrooge in Dickens's own works. Peter Ackroyd, Dickens's biographer, sees similarities between the character and the elder Martin Chuzzlewit character, although the miser is "a more fantastic image" than the Chuzzlewit patriarch; Ackroyd observes that Chuzzlewit's transformation to a charitable figure is a parallel to that of the miser. Douglas-Fairhurst sees that the minor character Gabriel Grub from The Pickwick Papers was also an influence when creating Scrooge. It is possible that Scrooge's name came from a tombstone Dickens had seen on a visit to Edinburgh. The grave was for Ebenezer Lennox Scroggie, whose job was given as a meal man—a corn merchant; Dickens misread the inscription as "mean man". This theory has been described as "a probable Dickens hoax" for which "[n]o one could find any corroborating evidence". When Dickens was young he lived near a tradesman's premises with the sign "Goodge and Marney", which may have provided the name for Scrooge's former business partner. For the chained Marley, Dickens drew on his memory of a visit to the Western Penitentiary in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in March 1842, where he saw—and was affected by seeing—fettered prisoners. For the character Tiny Tim, Dickens used his nephew Henry, a disabled boy who was five at the time A Christmas Carol was written. The two figures of Want and Ignorance, sheltering in the robes of the Ghost of Christmas Present, were inspired by the children Dickens had seen on his visit to a ragged school in the East End of London. ==Themes== thumb|upright|alt=Scrooge being shown two small children, depicting Ignorance and Want, by the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come|Ignorance and Want from the original edition, 1843 The transformation of Scrooge is central to the story. Davis considers Scrooge to be "a protean figure always in process of reformation"; Kelly writes that the transformation is reflected in the description of Scrooge, who begins as a two-dimensional character, but who then grows into one who "possess[es] an emotional depth [and] a regret for lost opportunities". Some writers, including Grace Moore, the Dickens scholar, consider that there is a Christian theme running through A Christmas Carol, and that the novella should be seen as an allegory of the Christian concept of redemption. Dickens's biographer, Claire Tomalin, sees the conversion of Scrooge as carrying the Christian message that "even the worst of sinners may repent and become a good man". Dickens's attitudes towards organised religion were complex; he based his beliefs and principles on the New Testament. Dickens's statement that Marley "had no bowels" is a reference to the "bowels of compassion" mentioned in the First Epistle of John, the reason for his eternal damnation. Other writers, including Kelly, consider that Dickens put forward a "secular vision of this sacred holiday". The Dickens scholar John O. Jordan argues that A Christmas Carol shows what Dickens referred to in a letter to his friend John Forster as his "Carol philosophy, cheerful views, sharp anatomisation of humbug, jolly good temper ... and a vein of glowing, hearty, generous, mirthful, beaming reference in everything to Home and Fireside". From a secular viewpoint, the cultural historian Penne Restad suggests that Scrooge's redemption underscores "the conservative, individualistic and patriarchal aspects" of Dickens's "Carol philosophy" of charity and altruism. Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol in response to British social attitudes towards poverty, particularly child poverty, and wished to use the novella as a means to put forward his arguments against it. The story shows Scrooge as a paradigm for self-interest, and the possible repercussions of ignoring the poor, especially children in poverty—personified by the allegorical figures of Want and Ignorance. The two figures were created to arouse sympathy with readers—as was Tiny Tim. Douglas-Fairhurst observes that the use of such figures allowed Dickens to present his message of the need for charity, without alienating his largely middle-class readership. ==Publication== thumb|left|alt=Left-hand page shows Mr and Mrs Fezziwig dancing; the right-hand page shows the words "A Christmas Carol. In Prose. Being a Ghost Story of Christmas by Charles Dickens. With illustrations by John Leech|upright=1|First edition frontispiece and title page (1843) As the result of the disagreements with Chapman and Hall over the commercial failures of Martin Chuzzlewit, Dickens arranged to pay for the publishing himself, in exchange for a percentage of the profits. Production of A Christmas Carol was not without problems. The first printing was meant to have festive green endpapers, but they came out a dull olive colour. Dickens' publisher Chapman and Hall replaced these with yellow endpapers and reworked the title page in harmonising red and blue shades. The final product was bound in red cloth with gilt-edged pages, completed only two days before the publication date of 19 December 1843. Following publication, Dickens arranged for the manuscript to be bound in red Morocco leather and presented as a gift to his solicitor, Thomas Mitton. Priced at five shillings (equal to £ in pounds), the first run of 6,000 copies sold out by Christmas Eve. Chapman and Hall issued second and third editions before the new year, and the book continued to sell well into 1844. By the end of 1844 eleven more editions had been released. Since its initial publication the book has been issued in numerous hardback and paperback editions, translated into several languages and has never been out of print. It was Dickens's most popular book in the United States, and sold over two million copies in the hundred years following its first publication there. The high production costs upon which Dickens insisted led to reduced profits, and the first edition brought him only £230 (equal to £ in pounds) rather than the £1,000 (equal to £ in pounds) he expected. A year later, the profits were only £744, and Dickens was deeply disappointed. ==Reception== thumb|upright|alt=Engraving of Thackeray sitting in a chair at his desk|Thackeray in 1864. He wrote that A Christmas Carol was "a national benefit and to every man or woman who reads it, a personal kindness". According to Douglas-Fairhurst, contemporary reviews of A Christmas Carol "were almost uniformly kind". The Illustrated London News described how the story's "impressive eloquence ... its unfeigned lightness of heart—its playful and sparkling humour ... its gentle spirit of humanity" all put the reader "in good humour with ourselves, with each other, with the season and with the author". The critic from The Athenaeum, the literary magazine, considered it a "tale to make the reader laugh and cry – to open his hands, and open his heart to charity even toward the uncharitable ... a dainty dish to set before a King." William Makepeace Thackeray, writing in Fraser's Magazine, described the book as "a national benefit and to every man or woman who reads it, a personal kindness. The last two people I heard speak of it were women; neither knew the other, or the author, and both said, by way of criticism, 'God bless him!'" The poet Thomas Hood, in his own journal, wrote that "If Christmas, with its ancient and hospitable customs, its social and charitable observances, were ever in danger of decay, this is the book that would give them a new lease." The reviewer for Tait's Edinburgh Magazine—Theodore Martin, who was usually critical of Dickens's work—spoke well of A Christmas Carol, noting it was "a noble book, finely felt and calculated to work much social good". After Dickens's death, Margaret Oliphant deplored the turkey and plum pudding aspects of the book but admitted that in the days of its first publication it was regarded as "a new gospel", and noted that the book was unique in that it made people behave better. The religious press generally ignored the tale but, in January 1884, Christian Remembrancer thought the tale's old and hackneyed subject was treated in an original way and praised the author's sense of humour and pathos. The writer and social thinker John Ruskin told a friend that he thought Dickens had taken the religion from Christmas, and had imagined it as "mistletoe and pudding – neither resurrection from the dead, nor rising of new stars, nor teaching of wise men, nor shepherds". There were critics of the book. The New Monthly Magazine praised the story, but thought the book's physical excesses—the gilt edges and expensive binding—kept the price high, making it unavailable to the poor. The review recommended that the tale should be printed on cheap paper and priced accordingly. An unnamed writer for The Westminster Review mocked Dickens's grasp of economics, asking "Who went without turkey and punch in order that Bob Cratchit might get them—for, unless there were turkeys and punch in surplus, someone must go without". Dickens had criticised the US in American Notes and Martin Chuzzlewit, making American readers reluctant to embrace his work, but by the end of the American Civil War, the book had gained wide recognition in American households. In 1863 The New York Times published an enthusiastic review, noting that the author brought the "old Christmas ... of bygone centuries and remote manor houses, into the living rooms of the poor of today". ==Aftermath== upright|thumb|alt=The Ghost of Christmas Present sitting in front of a roaring fire, and a large spread of food, talking to a scared Scrooge|"The Ghost of Christmas Present" from the original edition, 1843 In January 1844 Parley's Illuminated Library published an unauthorised version of the story in a condensed form which they sold for twopence. Dickens wrote to his solicitor > I have not the least doubt that if these Vagabonds can be stopped they must. > ... Let us be the sledge-hammer in this, or I shall be beset by hundreds of > the same crew when I come out with a long story. Two days after the release of the Parley version, Dickens sued on the basis of copyright infringement and won. The publishers declared themselves bankrupt and Dickens was left to pay £700 in costs. The small profits Dickens earned from A Christmas Carol further strained his relationship with his publishers, and he broke with them in favour of Bradbury and Evans, who had been printing his works to that point. Dickens returned to the tale several times during his life to amend the phrasing and punctuation. He capitalised on the success of the book by publishing other Christmas stories: The Chimes (1844), The Cricket on the Hearth (1845), The Battle of Life (1846) and The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain (1848); these were secular conversion tales which acknowledged the progressive societal changes of the previous year, and highlighted those social problems which still needed to be addressed. While the public eagerly bought the later books, the reviewers were highly critical of the stories. ==Performances and adaptations== By 1849 Dickens was engaged with David Copperfield and had neither the time nor the inclination to produce another Christmas book. He decided the best way to reach his audience with his "Carol philosophy" was by public readings. During Christmas 1853 Dickens gave a reading in Birmingham Town Hall to the Industrial and Literary Institute; the performance was a great success. Thereafter, he read the tale in an abbreviated version 127 times, until 1870 (the year of his death), including at his farewell performance. In the years following the book's publication, responses to the tale were published by W. M. Swepstone (Christmas Shadows, 1850), Horatio Alger (Job Warner's Christmas, 1863), Louisa May Alcott (A Christmas Dream, and How It Came True, 1882), and others who followed Scrooge's life as a reformed man – or some who thought Dickens had got it wrong and needed to be corrected. The novella was adapted for the stage almost immediately. Three productions opened on 5 February 1844, one by Edward Stirling, A Christmas Carol; or, Past, Present, and Future, being sanctioned by Dickens and running for more than 40 nights. By the close of February 1844 eight rival A Christmas Carol theatrical productions were playing in London. The story has been adapted for film and television more than any of Dickens's other works. In 1901 it was produced as Scrooge, or, Marley's Ghost, a silent black-and-white British film; it was one of the first known adaptations of a Dickens work on film, but it is now largely lost. The story was adapted in 1923 for BBC radio. The story has been adapted to other media, including opera, ballet, animation, stage musicals and a BBC mime production starring Marcel Marceau. Davis considers the adaptations have become better remembered than the original. Some of Dickens's scenes—such as visiting the miners and lighthouse keepers—have been forgotten by many, while other events often added—such as Scrooge visiting the Cratchits on Christmas Day—are now thought by many to be part of the original story. Accordingly, Davis distinguishes between the original text and the "remembered version". ==Legacy== thumb|upright|alt=Scrooge pushing a large candle damper over the first ghost|Scrooge extinguishing the first spirit The phrase "Merry Christmas" had been around for many years – the earliest known written use was in a letter in 1534 – but Dickens's use of the phrase in A Christmas Carol popularised it among the Victorian public. The exclamation "Bah! Humbug!" entered popular use in the English language as a retort to anything sentimental or overly festive; the name "Scrooge" became used as a designation for a miser and was added to the Oxford English Dictionary as such in 1982. In the early 19th century the celebration of Christmas was associated in Britain with the countryside and peasant revels, disconnected to the increasing urbanisation and industrialisation taking place. Davis considers that in A Christmas Carol, Dickens showed that Christmas could be celebrated in towns and cities, despite increasing modernisation. The modern observance of Christmas in English- speaking countries is largely the result of a Victorian-era revival of the holiday. The Oxford Movement of the 1830s and 1840s had produced a resurgence of the traditional rituals and religious observances associated with Christmastide and, with A Christmas Carol, Dickens captured the zeitgeist while he reflected and reinforced his vision of Christmas. Dickens advocated a humanitarian focus of the holiday, which influenced several aspects of Christmas that are still celebrated in Western culture, such as family gatherings, seasonal food and drink, dancing, games and a festive generosity of spirit. The historian Ronald Hutton writes that Dickens "linked worship and feasting, within a context of social reconciliation". The novelist William Dean Howells, analysing several of Dickens's Christmas stories, including A Christmas Carol, considered that by 1891 the "pathos appears false and strained; the humor largely horseplay; the characters theatrical; the joviality pumped; the psychology commonplace; the sociology alone funny". The writer James Joyce considered that Dickens took a childish approach with A Christmas Carol, producing a gap between the naïve optimism of the story and the realities of life at the time. thumb|upright|A few of the many editions of A Christmas Carol Ruth Glancy, the professor of English literature, states that the largest impact of A Christmas Carol was the influence felt by individual readers. In early 1844 The Gentleman's Magazine attributed a rise of charitable giving in Britain to Dickens's novella; in 1874, Robert Louis Stevenson, after reading Dickens's Christmas books, vowed to give generously to those in need, and Thomas Carlyle expressed a generous hospitality by hosting two Christmas dinners after reading the book. In 1867 one American businessman was so moved by attending a reading that he closed his factory on Christmas Day and sent every employee a turkey, while in the early years of the 20th century Maud of Wales – the Queen of Norway – sent gifts to London's crippled children signed "With Tiny Tim's Love". On the novella, the author G. K. Chesterton wrote "The beauty and blessing of the story ... lie in the great furnace of real happiness that glows through Scrooge and everything around him. ... Whether the Christmas visions would or would not convert Scrooge, they convert us." Analysing the changes made to adaptations over time, Davis sees changes to the focus of the story and its characters to reflect mainstream thinking of the period. While Dickens's Victorian audiences would have viewed the tale as a spiritual but secular parable, in the early 20th century it became a children's story, read by parents who remembered their parents reading it when they were younger. In the lead-up to and during the Great Depression, Davis suggests that while some saw the story as a "denunciation of capitalism, ...most read it as a way to escape oppressive economic realities". The film versions of the 1930s were different in the UK and US. British-made films showed a traditional telling of the story, while US-made works showed Cratchit in a more central role, escaping the depression caused by European bankers and celebrating what Davis calls "the Christmas of the common man". In the 1960s, Scrooge was sometimes portrayed as a Freudian figure wrestling with his past. By the 1980s he was again set in a world of depression and economic uncertainty. ==See also== * List of Christmas-themed literature * Dickens Christmas fair * The Man Who Invented Christmas ==Notes== ==References== ==Sources== ===Books=== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ===Online resources=== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ===Newspapers, journals and magazines=== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ==External links== * A Christmas Carol read online at Bookwise * * A Christmas Carol at Internet Archive * A Christmas Carol e-book with illustrations * A Christmas Carol Project Gutenberg free online book * * Using Textual Clues to Understand A Christmas Carol Category:1843 British novels Category:1840s fantasy novels Category:Articles containing video clips Category:Books illustrated by Arthur Rackham Category:British fantasy novels Category:British novellas Category:British novels adapted into films Category:British novels adapted into plays Category:British novels adapted into television shows Category:Chapman & Hall books Category:Christmas novels Category:English-language novels Category:Ghost novels Category:Novels about time travel Category:Novels adapted into ballets Category:Novels adapted into operas Category:Novels by Charles Dickens Category:Novels set in London Category:Novels set in the 19th century Category:Victorian novels Category:Works about atonement Category:Books illustrated by John Leech
73704692	A Critical Introduction to Skepticism	A Critical Introduction to Skepticism is a 2014 book by Allan Hazlett in which the author offers an introduction to skepticism. ==Reception== The book was reviewed in Teaching Philosophy and Australasian Journal of Philosophy. == References == == External links == * Category:2014 non-fiction books Category:Epistemology books Category:Works about skepticism
73850178	A Blazing Grace	A Blazing Grace is an album by the American band Jason & the Scorchers, released in 1995 on Mammoth Records. The initial album title was Men and Women, War and Peace. The band supported the album with a North American tour. The first single, "Take Me Home, Country Roads", was a modest radio hit. ==Production== The album marked a reunion of the band's original lineup; the band, in part, recorded the album as an excuse to play live and tour. Produced by the band, A Blazing Grace was recorded at Castle Studio, in Nashville. All of the band members were struggling with personal issues, and regarded the offer of free studio time as a blessing. "Why Baby Why" is a cover of the George Jones song; "Take Me Home, Country Roads" is a cover of the John Denver song. The band initially intended the cover songs to be b-sides. "Somewhere Within" was Jason Ringenberg's favorite composition. ==Critical reception== Newsday wrote that "Ringenberg's high-lonesome tone has always lent itself to balladeering, and it might be a mark of age and experience that a couple of the album's best songs gear down to make breathing room for heartfelt expression." The Indianapolis Star noted that "the Scorchers haven't lost one iota of supercharged twang." The Washington Post determined that Ringenberg "attacks the [songs] as if he were leading the Ramones at the Grand Ole Opry." Don McLeese, of the Austin American-Statesman, opined: "Though I once considered the Scorchers the great lost American rock band of the '80s, the band has regrouped with a 1995 album that is arguably its best—and is likely to rank with the year's best as well." Guitar Player deemed guitarist Warner Hodges "the Eddie Van Halen of country-punk." The Vancouver Sun concluded that "there's nothing amusing about taking George Jones' sublime 'Why Baby Why' and subjecting it to sub-metal boogieization." ==Track listing== ==References== Category:Jason & the Scorchers albums Category:1995 albums Category:Mammoth Records albums
73922368	A Honeymoon in Space	A Honeymoon in Space is a 1901 fix-up novel by George Griffith. The six component stories were originally published in Pearson's Magazine in 1900 under the collective title "Stories of Other Worlds". The scientific romance story depicts a tour of the Solar System. Reviewers' opinions on the book's literary quality have varied, while scholars have viewed it as a historically significant work. Important themes identified by critics include Darwinian evolution and imperialism. == Synopsis == File:Solar system.jpg|alt=A photomontage of the eight planets and the Moon|thumb|The narrative visits various locations in the Solar System. Clicking on a planet leads to the article about its depiction in fiction. circle 1250 4700 650 Neptune in fiction circle 2150 4505 525 Uranus in fiction circle 2890 3960 610 Saturn in fiction circle 3450 2880 790 Jupiter in fiction circle 3015 1770 460 Mars in fiction circle 2370 1150 520 Earth in science fiction circle 3165 590 280 Moon in science fiction circle 1570 785 475 Venus in fiction circle 990 530 320 Mercury in fiction === Chapter I–V === British aristocrat Rollo Lenox Smeaton Aubrey, the Earl of Redgrave, is in love with an American woman by the name of Lilla Zaidie Rennick, who is engaged to marry another man. Redgrave intercepts the ocean liner carrying Zaidie to her fiancé in England in the Astronef, a spaceship he built from designs made by her deceased father, Dr. Rennick. The Astronef is powered by a form of anti-gravity called the "R. Force", developed by Dr. Rennick with the help of funding from Redgrave. Redgrave lures Zaidie—along with her chaperone—on board the Astronef and then kidnaps her by taking off at great speed to Washington D.C., where he delivers a top secret alliance treaty from Britain to the president. In delivering the treaty, Redgrave prevents the outbreak of a World War against France and Russia. Zaidie and Redgrave marry on board the Astronef, hovering above the Capitol. === Chapter VI–VIII: "A Visit to the Moon" === The newlyweds set out on their honeymoon in the Astronef, equipped with spacesuits and accompanied by the ship's pilot Murgatroyd, and make their first stop at the Moon. There, they discover the ruins of a civilization and the skeletons of giants. What little life still exists on the Moon has devolved to a beast-like state and is found only in the deepest craters where small amounts of air and water remain. === Chapter IX–XI: "The World of the War God" === From the Moon they go to Mars. Upon arrival, they are immediately attacked by an aerial fleet of Martians. After defeating the enemy aircraft, they land and discover that the Martians speak English. The reason, it turns out, is that Martians have evolved in parallel with humans and recognized English as the "most convenient" language. The Martians are giant humanoids, and they have rejected emotions in favour of pure intellect. Zaidie's beauty intrigues one of the Martians whose baser instincts thus begin to re-emerge; disgusted, she shoots him dead in cold blood. === Chapter XII–XIII: "A Glimpse of the Sinless Star" === The couple's next stop is Venus, which is a paradise populated by angelic beings. The Venusians have progressed to a state of spiritual enlightenment and are entirely without sin. While they do not speak English like the Martians, they use music to communicate, and Zaidie is thus able to make herself understood through singing. Worried that they may be a corrupting influence on the pure and innocent Venusians, Zaidie and Redgrave decide to depart. === Chapter XIV–XVI: "The World of the Crystal Cities" === Jupiter is found to be a still- developing and uninhabitable volcanic wasteland, and the lovers go to the planet's moon Ganymede instead. There they find a highly advanced civilization living in domed cities to withstand the cold and dry environmental conditions of the moon. The inhabitants of Ganymede are superintelligent and near-divine. They show the Earthlings the moon's evolutionary history on an immensely more advanced version of a cinematograph and join them on an expedition into the Jovian atmosphere. === Chapter XVII–XVIII: "In Saturn's Realms" === The final destination for the honeymooners is Saturn. The planet is home to a diverse ecosystem of bizarre lifeforms. The atmosphere is so thick that giant airborne jellyfish-like creatures are capable of living in it while roaming for prey. The life found here is more primitive near the equator, and grows increasingly more advanced as the voyagers approach the planet's south pole, starting with marine reptiles resembling those of Earth's Mesozoic era and culminating with cavepeople. === Chapter XIX–XX: "Homeward Bound" === On the journey back to Earth, the Astronef is caught by the gravitational pull of a dark star. In breaking free, the ship's anti-gravity engines cause two such dark stars to collide, resulting in the creation of a new solar system. The travellers make a brief stop on Ceres. As their fuel is running out, they scramble to get back to Earth, which brings them dangerously close to the Sun. They eventually arrive safely back home. == Development == Griffith wrote the novel while in Australia. Sam Moskowitz posits that the idea may have been inspired by Camille Flammarion and Sylvie Pétiaux spending their honeymoon in a balloon in 1874, which Flammarion wrote about. The interplanetary tours in W. S. Lach- Szyrma's 1883 novel Aleriel, or A Voyage to Other Worlds and John Jacob Astor IV's 1894 novel A Journey in Other Worlds are identified by Brian Stableford as other likely influences. A Honeymoon in Space was a return to the scientific romance genre that Griffith had worked on earlier in his writing career (for instance the 1893 novel The Angel of the Revolution), having spent the preceding years mostly writing works in other genres. == Publication history == The narrative was first published as a series of short stories in Pearson's Magazine under the collective title "Stories of Other Worlds" in 1900. Accompanying the stories were a total of 25 illustrations by Stanley L. Wood. The six short stories were: * "A Visit to the Moon" (January 1900) * "The World of the War God" (February 1900) * "A Glimpse of the Sinless Star" (March 1900) * "The World of the Crystal Cities" (April 1900) * "In Saturn's Realms" (May 1900) * "Homeward Bound" (July 1900) These stories were later assembled alongside additional material that had been cut for publication in Pearson's Magazine—roughly a quarter of the total length of the work, consisting of the earliest portion of the story—and published in novel form as A Honeymoon in Space in 1901. The book had seven illustrations by Wood and a frontispiece by Harold H. Piffard. The magazine version was reprinted in the anthology Worlds Apart: An Anthology of Interplanetary Fiction in 1972 and the novel version was republished in 1975. In the year 2000, the original free- standing short stories and the fix-up novel were combined in a single volume and published under the title Stories of Other Worlds and A Honeymoon in Space. == Reception == Critical opinions on the book's quality have varied. Moskowitz, in the 1976 book Strange Horizons: The Spectrum of Science Fiction, describes the novel as one of Griffith's most engaging. E. F. Bleiler, in the 1990 reference work Science-Fiction: The Early Years, calls Griffith "historically important, but a bad writer" and dismisses the story as infantile. Don D'Ammassa, in his 2005 Encyclopedia of Science Fiction, calls the book "a kitchen sink space adventure whose scientific basis was unsound even for its time", while acknowledging that he nevertheless found the depictions of the Martians and Venusians interesting. In a 2005 review, Robert Reginald and Douglas Menville write that "the book's portrayal of alien civilizations is quite compelling". == Analysis == === Place in science fiction history === David Langford, writing in The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction, identifies the book as belonging to the tradition of fictional "Grand Tour" journeys traversing the Solar System. Stableford adds that among these stories, A Honeymoon in Space was one of the first where "scientific imagination came to outweigh religious imagination as a source of inspiration". Neil Barron, in the 1981 edition of Anatomy of Wonder: A Critical Guide to Science Fiction, says that the book is historically important inasmuch as it serves as a record of what the other planets were imagined to be like at the time. Moskowitz argues in the introduction to the 1968 anthology Science Fiction by Gaslight that Griffith was ahead of his time in displaying "a rebellion against confinement of ideas", while calling the underlying scientific basis of the book "weak in particulars, but conceptually strong in imparting the scope of science fiction". alt=An illustration of two characters wearing primitive space suits resembling heavy diving gear on the surface of the Moon, inspecting some skeletons.|thumb|The "breathing dresses" may be the first space suits in fiction. The book is also, says science fiction scholar Gary Westfahl, sometimes considered one of the forerunners of the space opera subgenre of science fiction that flourished in the later era of the science fiction magazines, alongside such works as Garrett P. Serviss' 1898 novel Edison's Conquest of Mars. According to astrophysicist Andrew May, Griffith's "breathing dresses" may be the first space suits in fiction. The Historical Dictionary of Science Fiction also cites the book (and its component short stories) as providing the first known use of several terms in science fiction, including "earthborn", "homeworld", and "space explorer", as well as "vessel" in the sense of a spaceship. Science fiction critic Robert Crossley, in the 2011 non-fiction book Imagining Mars: A Literary History, categorizes the book as an example of a group of works from around the turn of the century which he dubs "masculinist fantasies"—works characterized by standing in fundamental opposition to works of feminist science fiction such as the 1893 novel Unveiling a Parallel: A Romance by Alice Ilgenfritz Jones and . Crossley comments that while A Honeymoon in Space does not feature any alien princesses for the hero to court—unlike other works in the same tradition—Zaidie serves the same function within the narrative. In Crossley's view, characters embodying this archetype "translate the antifeminist cultural assumptions of the authors into extraterrestrial fantasy". === Darwinian evolution === One of the central themes of the book is evolution by Charles Darwin's model of natural selection. Redgrave is explicitly a proponent of Darwin's ideas and provides explanations for the creatures they encounter in those terms. The narrative depicts different worlds in various stages of their evolutionary history. Jupiter is primordial and has not yet developed the necessary conditions for life to exist. Saturn exhibits a spectrum of prehistoric lifeforms ranging from ancient reptiles to primitive humanoids. Mars and the Moon are in an earlier and later stage of decline, respectively. According to Barron, the idea of the survival of the fittest combined with the decline and ultimate death of planets constitutes "the cornerstone of [Griffith's] cosmic philosophy". Mars in particular exemplifies the Darwinian theme: the Martians encountered in the story belong to the last surviving race that outcompeted the others as the planet's available resources dwindled. As a result, the Martians that remain are ruthless and unfeeling "over-civilized savages" in possession of highly advanced weaponry but little in the way of humanity. David Darling and both identify Venus and Ganymede as exceptions to the overarching scheme of worlds in various evolutionary stages from early rise to final decline. Life on Venus has progressed not in terms of biology but theology, achieving a higher spiritual state; both authors draw parallels with the later portrayal of Venusians in C. S. Lewis' 1943 novel Perelandra. Life on Ganymede, on the other hand, has overcome the struggle for survival by technological advancement and enabled the cultivation of a society based on rationality and morality. The influence Darwin's ideas had in this era on fiction in general, and science fiction in particular, can be found in the works of numerous authors besides Griffith. The two most historically significant science fiction examples, according to Guthke, are H. G. Wells' 1897 novel The War of the Worlds and Kurd Lasswitz' 1897 novel Auf Zwei Planeten. Other examples include Astor's A Journey in Other Worlds and Gustavus W. Pope's 1894 novel Journey to Mars. On the topic of Darwinian evolution in A Honeymoon in Space, Stableford suggests that "Had Griffith read his Flammarion more attentively, or even his Wells, he might have done much more" instead of mainly representing aliens as variations on humans. The unease many in this time period felt towards the implications of Darwin's teachings as they relate to humanity is reflected in the book: Zaidie objects to Darwin's book title The Descent of Man, saying "We—especially the women—have ascended from that sort of thing, if there is any truth in the story at all; though personally, I must say I prefer dear old Mother Eve", and thereby rejecting the biological explanation for humanity's origin in favour of the Biblical one. Crossley also comments that the influence of Darwin in the extraterrestrial fiction of this era included not only the original concept of Darwinian evolution but also the later notion of social Darwinism. === Imperialism === Says Barron, Griffith's negative outlook on the future of the Earth is overshadowed by what he calls "jingoistic and racist themes". One of the principal such themes Barron identifies is the position of dominance ascribed to English-speaking people in general and the British in particular. Thomas D. Clareson, in the 1984 reference work Science Fiction in America, 1870s–1930s: An Annotated Bibliography of Primary Sources, likewise writes that "The idea of the supremacy of the Anglo-Saxon people is the cornerstone of [Griffith's] thinking". Crossley comments that the explanation given in the story for the Martians speaking English is an example of the kind of Anglocentric cultural attitudes that had previously been the subject of satire in Wells' The War of the Worlds. Iwan Rhys Morus, in the 2022 book How the Victorians Took Us to the Moon, writes that the exploration of space in the story reveals the influence of imperialism through the apparent desire to conquer alien worlds. On the subject, Morus notes that the description of the fictional spaceship bears more resemblance to the warships of the era than to either existing airships or the powered flying machines that were being developed at the time. Crossley views the remorseless killing of a Martian by an American heroine as a parallel to the history of US westward expansion that "suggests a smoothly allegorical justification of the removal, by death and relocation, of the indigenous people of the American prairies for the convenience of Anglo-Saxon pioneers". The identification with imperialism is also present in the text itself; Crossley notes that Zaidie's suggestion that the Earthlings take Mars by force, should the Martians not be open to sharing it freely, is labeled "the new American imperialism" by Redgrave. == See also == * A Narrative of the Travels and Adventures of Paul Aermont among the Planets (1873) – another fictional tour of the Solar System * Space travel in science fiction == Notes == == References == == Further reading == * * * == External links == * * * * Scanned editions of Pearson's Magazine, where the original "Stories from Other Worlds" can be read Category:1901 British novels Category:1901 science fiction novels Category:Space exploration novels Category:Works originally published in Pearson's Magazine Category:Novels first published in serial form Category:Novels about imperialism
73939988	A Charming Mass Suicide (film)	A Charming Mass Suicide () is a 2000 Finnish black comedy film written and directed by Ere Kokkonen. The film is based on Arto Paasilinna's 1990 novel of the same name, telling story about two men, who both have tried to commit a suicide, deciding to found a "Let's do it together"-suicide association to help the self-destructive people to succeed in their goal. The film is starring by Tom Pöysti, Heikki Kinnunen, Sari Siikander, Santeri Kinnunen and Heikki Nousiainen. In addition to Finland, the film has also been shot in Norway, Germany, Switzerland, France and Spain. Director Kokkonen also filmed the film as an eight-part television series. The film received a mixed reception from critics. Tv-maailma's review states that the "film laughs at Finnish national gloom as well as the desire to found the association, and the genre is stated to be mixed-strength opera buffa".AL: Päivän elokuvia. Tv- maailma 42/2012, p. 9. (in Finnish) Arto Pajukallio from Helsingin Sanomat stated that "the film's fun is mainly based on detached literary jokes, for which the actors cannot find an echo base".Pajukallio, Arto: Elokuvat, p. D 13. Helsingin Sanomat, 21 October 2012. (in Finnish) == Cast == * Tom Pöysti as Onni Rellonen * Heikki Kinnunen as Colonel Hermanni Kemppainen * Sari Siikander as Helena Puusaari * Santeri Kinnunen as Seppo Sorjonen * Heikki Nousiainen as Rauno Korpela * Kristiina Halkola as Leena Mäki-Vaula * Titta Jokinen as Hellevi Nikula * Mira Kivilä as Elsa Taavitsainen * Antti Litja as Jarl Hautala * Vesa-Matti Loiri as Mikko Heikkinen * Nora Lähteenmäki as Tarja Halttunen * Eero Melasniemi as Jarmo Korvanen * Juha Muje as Uula Lismanki * Vesa Mäkelä as Hannes Jokinen * Esko Nikkari as Sakari Piippo * Eija Nousiainen as Lisbeth Korhonen * Liisa Paatso as Aulikki Granstedt * Ville- Veikko Salminen as Ermei Rankkala There's also Risto Aaltonen, Risto Kaskilahti, Kiti Kokkonen, Seela Sella and Aarno Sulkanen appearing in smaller supporting roles. == References == == External links == * Category:2000 films Category:Finnish comedy films Category:2000s Finnish-language films Category:2000 comedy films Category:Films about suicide Category:Films shot in Finland Category:Films shot in France Category:Films shot in Germany Category:Films shot in Norway Category:Films shot in Spain Category:Films shot in Switzerland
73976217	A Letter to Liberals	A Letter to Liberals is a 2022 book by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. The book accuses the United States Democratic Party of lacking critical thinking and urges the party to protect civil liberties. The book was robustly criticised by Current Affairs magazine and praised by The American Conservative. == Publication == The 120-page book was written by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and published on August 2, 2022 by Skyhorse Publishing. == Synopsis == The book is critical of the Democratic Party, accusing its leadership of lacking critical thinking, intellectual curiosity, and faith in science. Kennedy accuses the party of accepting the government's public health measures implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic, which he paints as propaganda and unscientific. The book advocates to liberal Americans to protect the civil liberties and the First Amendment, and to reject what the author describes as cancel culture. == Critical reception == The claims in the book are described in Current Affairs as "deceptive, bogus, and easily refuted." Current Affairs refutes Kennedy's assertions that vaccines cause autism and that hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin are effective treatments for COVID-19. The American Conservative magazine described Kennedy's message as urgent. == See also == * Children's Health Defense * COVID-19 misinformation by the United States * The Real Anthony Fauci (by the same author) * Vaccines and autism == References == Category:2022 non-fiction books Category:Skyhorse Publishing books Category:Books by Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Category:Books about conspiracy theories Category:Books about the COVID-19 pandemic
74058962	A Drummer Boy Christmas Tour	A Drummer Boy Christmas Tour is the 8th headlining tour by Australian christian rock band For King & Country. The tour is in support of their 2020 album A Drummer Boy Christmas, and only toured the United States. == Background == On 7 October 2020, For King & Country announced that they will be embarking on A Drummer Boy Drive-In: The Christmas Tour, in support of the album. The tour is partnership with the Salvation Army, for a national toy drive encouraging concertgoers to bring new, packaged toys for collection by local Salvation Army representatives and distribute them to families struggling during the holiday season. The tour spanned 20 dates, launched on 12 November 2020 at the Silver Lake Sports Complex in Norco, California, and concluded on 20 December 2020 at the Five Flags Speedway in Pensacola, Florida. On 26 July 2021, For King & Country announced that they will be going on A Drummer Boy Christmas Tour, also in support of the album. The tour spanned 14 dates, and launched on 27 November 2021 at the Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan, and concluded on 19 December 2021 at the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee. On 26 July 2022, For King & Country announced that they will be going back to A Drummer Boy Christmas Tour that winter. The tour spanned 15 dates, in which it launched on 26 November 2022 at the T-Mobile Center in Kansas City, Missouri, and concluded on 19 December 2022 at the Ryman Auditorium for the second consecutive year. The tour saw the Ryman for the third straight year, as well as it returned to Florida after the absence in 2021. The tour included the Estero and Grand Rapids stops for the second time and the Orlando stop for a second time but at a different venue. == Set list == == Tour dates == List of concerts, showing date, city, state and venue Date City State Venue 2020 dates 12 November 2020 Norco California Silver Lake Sports Complex 13 November 2020 Roseville Denio's Market 14 November 2020 Tulare International Agri-Center 15 November 2020 Pasadena Rose Bowl 20 November 2020 El Paso Texas El Paso County Coliseum 21 November 2020 Glendale Arizona Gila River Arena 22 November 2020 Tucson Pima County Fairgrounds 28 November 2020 Arlington Texas Globe Life Park 29 November 2020 Nashville Tennessee Ryman Auditorium 3 December 2020 Robstown Texas Richard M. Borchard Regional Fairgrounds 4 December 2020 College Station Reed Arena 5 December 2020 Houston The MET Church 6 December 2020 Cedar Park H-E-B Center at Cedar Park 10 December 2020 Dade City Florida Joy-Lan Drive-In 11 December 2020 Lakeland Silver Moon Drive-In 12 December 2020 Ocala Ocala Drive-In 13 December 2020 Estero Hertz Arena 18 December 2020 Orlando Central Florida Fairgrounds 19 December 2020 West Palm Beach South Florida Fairgrounds 20 December 2020 Pensacola Five Flags Speedway 2021 dates 27 November 2021 Grand Rapids Michigan Van Andel Arena 28 November 2021 Louisville Kentucky KFC Yum! Center 2 December 2021 Oklahoma City Oklahoma Chesapeake Energy Arena 3 December 2021 Fort Worth Texas Dickies Arena 4 December 2021 Houston Toyota Center 5 December 2021 Cedar Park H-E-B Center at Cedar Park 9 December 2021 Des Moines Iowa Wells Fargo Arena 10 December 2021 Sioux Falls South Dakota Denny Sanford Premier Center 11 December 2021 Minneapolis Minnesota Target Center 12 December 2021 Omaha Nebraska Baxter Arena 16 December 2021 St. Louis Missouri Enterprise Center 17 December 2021 Columbus Ohio Schottenstein Center 18 December 2021 Duluth Georgia Gas South Arena 19 December 2021 Nashville Tennessee Ryman Auditorium 2022 dates 26 November 2022 Kansas City Missouri T-Mobile Center 27 November 2022 Dallas Texas American Airlines Center 1 December 2022 Lowell Massachusetts Tsongas Center 2 December 2022 Baltimore Maryland Chesapeake Employers Insurance Arena 3 December 2022 Hershey Pennsylvania Giant Center 4 December 2022 Cleveland Ohio Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse 8 December 2022 Estero Florida Hertz Arena 9 December 2022 Tampa Amalie Arena 10 December 2022 Orlando Amway Center 11 December 2022 Greensboro North Carolina Greensboro Coliseum 15 December 2022 Indianapolis Indiana Gainbridge Fieldhouse 16 December 2022 Fort Wayne Allen County War Memorial Coliseum 17 December 2022 Grand Rapids Michigan Van Andel Arena 18 December 2022 Nashville Tennessee Ryman Auditorium 19 December 2022 Total number of shows: 53 == Notes == == References == Category:2020 concert tours Category:2021 concert tours Category:2022 concert tours Category:Concert tours of the United States Category:Christian concert tours Category:Christmas concerts
7446606	A Bad Case of Stripes	A Bad Case of Stripes is a children's book written and illustrated by David Shannon published in 1998 by Blue Sky Press, a division of Scholastic Press. A Bad Case of Stripes highlights the theme of being true to oneself and is commonly used by educators to teach young students important values. Amongst some negative response, this children’s book is also praised for its creativity, illustrations, and meaningful lessons. ==Plot summary== The main character is a girl named Camilla Cream who secretly loves lima beans. However, she refuses to eat them because her friends dislike them and Camilla wants to fit in. On the first day of school, she wakes up to discover thick, solid-colored stripes all over her body. The family's physician, Dr. Bumble, determines that Camilla is well enough to attend school tomorrow. But when she does the next day, most of the other children tease her and some of the other children call out colors and patterns which cause the colors on her skin to shift around. The principal sends her home as she is proving to be a distraction, and calls her parents to keep Camilla home from school until her symptoms wear off. At home, Camilla goes through a number of increasingly preposterous metamorphoses. She turns into a pill after being given one and grows roots, berries, crystals, feathers, and a long furry tail after receiving different medicine. She even has viruses, bacteria, and fungus colonies grow on her body after the community's expert scientists discuss these as a possible cause to her situation while examining her. Finally, she melts and merges into her room after an environmental therapist tells her to “become one with the room”. Finally, an old lady tells her to eat some lima beans. Camilla is afraid to admit her willingness to eat them at first, but after realizing that this could be her only hope of being cured, she allows the old woman to feed her them. Camilla is successfully reverted to a human and continues to eat lima beans; although her friends consider her strange for liking them, she doesn't even care a bit. She enjoys being different and never has stripes again. ==Analysis == === Themes === A Bad Case of Stripes discusses ethics and metaphysics, by highlighting self-perception, identity, and bullying. A Bad Case of Stripes teaches a lesson about the importance of being one's true self through a lima bean metaphor. In the beginning of the book, Camilla conforms to peer pressure, which is shown through her chameleon- like trait of blending into her surroundings. Camilla then learns about herself and her surroundings through her “nightmare metamorphosis.” By the end of the book, Camilla “regains her identity when she is true to herself.” In 2018, West Virginia First Lady, Cathy Justice, read this book to young children in honor of the Scholastic Summer Reading Challenge. The reading highlighted the book’s theme of teaching “children to be themselves and to respect those who may be different.” === Pedagogy === A Bad Case of Stripes is popular in the curricula of many elementary schools. A 2004 study found that it was a common read-aloud book for fourth-graders in schools in San Diego County, California. A 2007 online poll, the National Education Association listed the book as one of its "Teachers' Top 100 Books for Children." According to an elementary school teacher in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, Donna M. Sawyer, Shannon’s story encourages students to consider their own experiences to develop a personal connection. Sawyer uses comprehension instruction with her third-graders to teach A Bad Case of Stripes. To increase student’s participation level, she incorporates both class-wide and small- group discussion and activities over many classes. For the students, this participation includes finding ways they connect to Camilla, organizing book details “into a story circle visual structure,” and creating episode analysis charts addressing Camilla’s problem, response, actions, and outcome. A Bad Case of Stripes has also been used in classrooms to prevent bullying. One teacher from Comber, Ontario, Lisa Babula, incorporated a read-aloud, journal reflections, and discussion in literature response groups into three 40-minute class periods. Online games about bullying and an exercise creating a hypothetical problem and solutions were also included in the lesson plan. These activities focus on understanding Camilla’s emotions and addressing the issue of bullying. Another approach to teaching A Bad Case of Stripes is using it to encourage students to eat their vegetables and to be brave about eating healthily. Students are told to make signs for the cafeteria promoting healthy eating because like Camilla, there are some foods that students might be afraid to eat with their friends. ==Reception== Kirkus Reviews found that "Shannon's story is a good poke in the eye of conformity--imaginative, vibrant, and at times good and spooky--and his emphatic, vivid artwork keeps perfect pace with the tale." A review by Sandra L. Tidwell said that "Shannon's colored illustrations are vibrant and animated, and they show a particular talent for vividly portraying facial expressions."Sandra L. Tidwell (April 1999). "A Bad Case of Stripes [book review]". www.trove.nla.gov.au. Farnsworth Juvenile Literature Library, Harold B. Lee Library, Brigham Young University. Retrieved 6 June 2015. A review by The Record highlights the children book’s applicability to all ages, stating that in addition to the entertainment and life-lessons the children benefit from, it “offers adults a giggle or two.” A Florida Times Union review states that A Bad Case of Stripes is “funny and entertaining,” supported perfectly by “lighthearted, bright, detailed illustrations.” It also received the 1999 Montana Treasure State Picture Book Award. A review by Carolyn Noah presents a somewhat negative take, calling the book “disturbing” and “viscerally troubling.” The book addresses anti-peer pressure, but also juggles dark humor. The review states that the book’s “grotesque,” “eye-popping,” and “oppressive” images will haunt the children reading. A Bad Case of Stripes has also received mixed reviews. A librarian at the University of New Brunswick, Lesley Beckett Balcom, recommends the book with reservations, stating, “the sensational illustrations, bold and surreal, are the strength in a book that tries rather too hard to teach a lesson.” An English teacher at Indiana University Northwest believes that A Bad Case of Stripes is “a little preachy at times,” yet this is made up for with the “tongue-in-cheek fun” the illustrations bring to the story. A San Francisco Chronicle article describes Shannon's illustrations as “vibrant,” “hilarious,” and “horrific.” ==References== Category:1998 children's books Category:American picture books Category:Fictional diseases and disorders
74860	A Hard Day's Night (album)	A Hard Day's Night is the third studio album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 10 July 1964 by Parlophone, with side one containing songs from the soundtrack to their film of the same name. The American version of the album was released two weeks earlier, on 26 June 1964 by United Artists Records, with a different track listing that included selections from George Martin's film score. In contrast to the Beatles' first two albums, all 13 tracks on A Hard Day's Night were written by Lennon and McCartney, showcasing the development of their songwriting partnership. The album includes the song "A Hard Day's Night", with its distinctive opening chord, and "Can't Buy Me Love", both transatlantic number-one singles for the band. Several of the songs feature George Harrison playing a Rickenbacker 12-string electric guitar, a sound that was influential on the Byrds and other groups in the folk rock/jangle pop movement. ==Recording== Shortly after the release of With the Beatles (1963), the Beatles were at EMI Pathé Marconi Studios in Paris on 29 January 1964 for their first recording session outside of London. Here, they recorded German-language versions of their two most recent singles, "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and "She Loves You", titled "Komm, gib mir deine Hand" and "Sie liebt dich", respectively. According to their producer, George Martin, this was done as "they couldn't sell large quantities of records [in Germany] unless they were sung in German". Also recorded—in English—was Paul McCartney's "Can't Buy Me Love", which was completed in only four takes. Shortly afterward, the band gave their first live performance in the United States on The Ed Sullivan Show on 9 February. They gave more US performances before returning to the United Kingdom on 22 February. The Beatles were set to begin filming their first major feature film on 2 March 1964. According to historian Mark Lewisohn, the band were set to record songs for both the film and a tie-in LP, of which the songs from the film were completed first. On 25 February—lead guitarist George Harrison's 21st birthday—the band were back at London's EMI Studios, recording John Lennon's "You Can't Do That" for release as the B-side of "Can't Buy Me Love". The band also attempted "And I Love Her" and "I Should Have Known Better" on this day and again the following day, with the former finalised on 27 February. Two more songs from the film, "Tell Me Why" and "If I Fell", were recorded on this day. On 1 March 1964, the Beatles recorded three songs in three hours: "I'm Happy Just to Dance with You" for the film, featuring Harrison on lead vocal; a cover of Little Richard's "Long Tall Sally"; and Lennon's "I Call Your Name", which was originally given to Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas the previous year. Mono and stereo mixing was carried out over the following two weeks. The "Can't Buy Me Love" / "You Can't Do That" single was released on 16 March and topped charts worldwide. Taking a break for filming, drummer Ringo Starr coined the phrase "a hard day's night", providing the film with its title. Lennon and McCartney wrote a song based on the title, which was recorded at EMI on 16 April and mixed four days later. On 1 June, with the film completed and the band returning from holidays, the Beatles returned to EMI, recording the remaining songs for the tie-in LP, with outtakes appearing on the Long Tall Sally EP. Covers of Carl Perkins' "Matchbox", with Starr on lead vocals, and Larry Williams' "Slow Down", appeared on the EP, while Lennon's "I'll Cry Instead" and "I'll Be Back" appeared on the LP. The following day on 2 June, the band completed Lennon's "Any Time at All" and "When I Get Home", and McCartney's "Things We Said Today". The band spent the remainder of June and July touring internationally. ==Content== Musically, A Hard Day's Night eschews the rock and roll cover songs of the band's previous albums for a predominantly pop sound. Sputnikmusic's Dave Donnelly observes "short, peppy" pop songs characterised by layered vocals, immediate choruses, and understated instrumentation. According to Pitchfork Tom Ewing, the lack of rock and roll covers allows listeners to "take the group's new sound purely on its own modernist terms", with audacious "chord choices", powerful harmonies, "gleaming" guitar, and "Northern" harmonica. Music journalist Robert Christgau writes that Lennon–McCartney's songs were "more sophisticated musically" than before. It also features Harrison playing a Rickenbacker 12-string electric guitar, a sound that was influential on the Byrds and other bands in the folk rock explosion of 1965. Side one of the LP contains the songs from the film soundtrack. Side two contains songs written for, but not included in, the film, although a 1980s re-release of the film includes a prologue before the opening credits with "I'll Cry Instead" on the soundtrack. The title of the album and film was the accidental creation of Starr. According to Lennon in a 1980 interview with Playboy magazine: "I was going home in the car and [film director] Dick Lester suggested the title, 'Hard Day's Night' from something Ringo had said. I had used it in In His Own Write, but it was an off-the-cuff remark by Ringo. You know, one of those malapropisms. A Ringo-ism, where he said it not to be funny ... just said it. So Dick Lester said, 'We are going to use that title.'" A Hard Day's Night is the first Beatles album to feature entirely original compositions, and the only one where all the songs were written by Lennon–McCartney. Lennon is the primary author of nine of the thirteen tracks on the album, as well as being the lead singer on these same nine tracks (although Paul McCartney sings lead on the title track's middle- eight). Lennon and McCartney co-wrote "I'm Happy Just to Dance with You", sung by Harrison, while McCartney wrote "And I Love Her", "Can't Buy Me Love" and "Things We Said Today". It is one of three Beatles albums, along with Let It Be and Magical Mystery Tour, in which Starr does not sing lead vocal on any songs. (Starr sang the lead vocal on "Matchbox" during the sessions; it appeared instead on the Long Tall Sally EP.) It is also one of three Beatles albums, along with Please Please Me and Beatles for Sale, in which Harrison does not contribute to the songwriting. ==Critical reception and legacy== According to music critic Richie Unterberger, writing for AllMusic: > George Harrison's resonant 12-string electric guitar leads [on A Hard's > Day's Night] were hugely influential; the movie helped persuade the Byrds, > then folksingers, to plunge all out into rock & roll, and the Beatles would > be hugely influential on the folk-rock explosion of 1965. The Beatles' > success, too, had begun to open the US market for fellow English bands like > the Rolling Stones, the Animals, and the Kinks, and inspired young American > groups like the Beau Brummels, Lovin' Spoonful, and others to mount a > challenge of their own with self-penned material that owed a great debt to > Lennon–McCartney. In his book Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!: The Story of Pop Music from Bill Haley to Beyoncé, Bob Stanley identifies A Hard Day's Night as the album that best captures the band's early-career appeal. He writes: > If you had to explain the Beatles' impact to a stranger, you'd play them the > soundtrack to A Hard Day's Night. The songs, conceived in a hotel room in a > spare couple of weeks between up-ending the British class system and > conquering America, were full of bite and speed. There was adventure, > knowingness, love, and abundant charm. A Hard Day's Night was included in the list of "100 Essential Rock Albums" compiled by musicologists Charlie Gillett and Simon Frith for ZigZag magazine in 1975, and is one of the "Treasure Island albums" featured in Greil Marcus's 1979 book Stranded. In 2000, Q magazine placed A Hard Day's Night at number 5 on its list "The 100 Greatest British Albums Ever". That same year, it appeared at number 22 in Colin Larkin's book All Time Top 1000 Albums. In 2012, Rolling Stone ranked it 307th on the magazine's list of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. In the 2020 revision, it rose to number 263. A Hard Day's Night has also appeared in critics' lists of the best albums of all time published by the NME, in 1974 (at number 33), 1985 (number 73) and 2013 (number 195); Mojo, in 1995 (number 81); and Uncut, in 2016 (number 149). It was a featured album in The Mojo Collection: The Greatest Albums of All Time, Tom Moon's book 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die and Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die, and was selected as one of the "Most Significant Rock Albums" in the Greenwood Encyclopedia of Rock History. Based on the album's appearances in professional rankings and listings, the aggregate website Acclaimed Music lists A Hard Day's Night as the most acclaimed album of 1964, the 45th most acclaimed album of the 1960s and the 222nd most acclaimed album in history. ==Reissues== On 26 February 1987, A Hard Day's Night was officially released on compact disc in mono, along with Please Please Me, With the Beatles, and Beatles for Sale. Having been available only as an import in the US in the past, the 13 track UK version of the album was also issued in the US on LP and cassette on 21 July 1987. Stereo mixes of "A Hard Day's Night", "Can't Buy Me Love", and "And I Love Her" had been made available on the first compact disc issue of 1962–1966 in 1993. Most of the rest of the tracks appeared in stereo on compact disc for the first time with the release of the box set The Capitol Albums, Volume 1 in 2004. On 9 September 2009, a remastered version of this album was released and was the first time the album appeared in stereo on compact disc in its entirety. This album is also included in The Beatles Stereo Box Set. A remastered mono version of the original UK album was part of The Beatles in Mono box set. ==Track listing== ==North American release== The American version of the album was released on 26 June 1964 by United Artists Records in both mono and stereo, the fourth Beatles album in the United States. The album went to number one on the Billboard album chart, spending 14 weeks there, the longest run of any album that year. United Artists rushed the album into stores over a month before the film's US premiere; as a result, the Beatles had both the number-one album and number-one single in the country when A Hard Day's Night opened on 11 August 1964. All seven songs from the film, the first side of the UK album, were featured along with "I'll Cry Instead", which, although written for the film, was cut at the last minute. The American version also included four orchestral instrumental versions of Lennon and McCartney songs arranged by George Martin conducting an orchestra of studio musicians: "I Should Have Known Better", "And I Love Her", "Ringo's Theme", and "A Hard Day's Night". After EMI acquired United Artists Records, this album was reissued in August 1980 on the Capitol label, catalogue SW-11921. While the stereo version of the album included the instrumental tracks in true stereo, the Beatles' own recordings appeared as electronically rechannelled stereo recordings made from the mono releases. The 1980 Capitol Records reissue used the same master tape as the original United Artists LP release in fake stereo, despite the availability of several tracks with official true stereo remixes. True stereo versions of most of the songs had been issued on the Capitol album Something New, released in July 1964. "Can't Buy Me Love" and "I Should Have Known Better" finally appeared in stereo on the 1970 Apple Records compilation Hey Jude. The song "A Hard Day's Night" did not appear in true stereo in the US until the 1982 Capitol compilation album Reel Music. In 2014, the American version of the "A Hard Day's Night" album was released on CD individually and in a boxed set of all the other US Beatles albums to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the Beatles first US visit. This CD reissue features all of the songs in both true stereo and mono mixes. ===Track listing=== ==Charts and certifications== ===Chart performance=== Weekly chart performance for A Hard Day's Night Chart (1964–65) Peak position Australia (Kent Music Report) 1 Finland (Suomen virallinen lista) 1 UK Record Retailer LPs Chart 1 US Billboard Top LPs 1 Chart (1987) Peak position Chart (2009) Peak position ===Certifications=== ;Original release ;North American release ==Personnel== Sources: The Beatles * John Lennon – vocals; acoustic, rhythm and lead guitars; piano; harmonica * Paul McCartney – vocals; bass guitar; piano; cowbell * George Harrison – vocals; lead (six- and twelve-string) and acoustic guitars * Ringo Starr – drums, percussion Additional personnel * George Martin – piano, production, orchestrations of instrumentals for film and American LP ==References== ==Sources== * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ==External links== * * Beatles comments on each song * Recording data and notes on mono/stereo mixes and remixes Category:1964 albums Category:1964 soundtrack albums Category:Albums produced by George Martin Category:Albums with cover art by Robert Freeman (photographer) Category:Musical film soundtracks Category:George Martin albums Category:Grammy Hall of Fame Award recipients Category:Parlophone albums Category:Parlophone soundtracks Category:The Beatles albums Category:The Beatles soundtracks Category:United Artists Records soundtracks Category:Comedy film soundtracks Category:Albums recorded at Abbey Road Studios
759903	A Ghost Is Born	A Ghost Is Born is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band Wilco. Released on June 22, 2004, it features singer Jeff Tweedy on lead guitar more than any previous Wilco album. The band streamed the album online free, and offered a five-song EP to purchasers. Tweedy entered a rehab clinic shortly before the release of the album, delaying its release by two weeks. It also shortened its promotional tour. Despite this, A Ghost Is Born's opening week was the best sales week for the band at the time, and the album was met with good reviews from major publications such as Rolling Stone and PopMatters. The album earned Wilco a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album. ==Production== Wilco signed a contract with Nonesuch Records in November 2001 after a lengthy dispute with Reprise Records over the release of the band's fourth album Yankee Hotel Foxtrot.For an overview of the controversy, see Kot 2004. p. 201-228 Foxtrot was welcomed with positive reviews from The Village Voice—where the album was rated by the critics as the best album of 2002—and Rolling Stone. It sold over 590,000 copies, earning a Gold certification by the Recording Industry Association of America. Last accessed July 27, 2007. Last accessed July 27, 2007. ===Composition=== Recording for a new album began in November 2003 under the working title Wilco Happens. The album was produced by Jim O'Rourke, who mixed Foxtrot and was a member of Wilco side project Loose Fur. O'Rourke encouraged lead singer Jeff Tweedy to develop his guitar skills for the album; Tweedy recently became the lead guitarist for the band due to the dismissal of Jay Bennett after the Yankee Hotel Foxtrot recording sessions.Kot 2004. p. 240 Tweedy sought to play solos on the album that were unlike those of jam bands such as Phish and The Grateful Dead. Instead, he performed composed solos influenced by Television such as the one during the coda of "At Least That's What You Said". Tweedy refers to the guitar solo at the end of the track as a "musical transcription" of one of his panic attacks. A Ghost Is Born was recorded in a manner different from Foxtrot or 1999's Summerteeth; whereas those recordings were performed live in the studio and then extensively de-constructed and arranged in Pro Tools, A Ghost Is Born was first performed live, edited and arranged in Pro Tools, and then performed and re-recorded with minimal overdubbing. Tweedy was excited about writing an album this way:Kot 2004. p. 241 An unusual feature of A Ghost Is Born is the fifteen-minute long track "Less Than You Think". The first part of the song begins as a ballad which references belief systems and atheism which after 3 minutes, fades out. The second part consists of electronic drones and noise, intended to audibly represent the migraines that lead singer Jeff Tweedy had been suffering from while addicted to pain killers during the recording sessions for A Ghost Is Born. For the song, each band member created a synthesizer noise that mimicked an electronic sound. The installations were simultaneously activated in the room and recorded. The noise, which served as the coda to the song, was remixed to provide dynamics to the track. Calling it "the track that everyone will hate," Tweedy defended the song's inclusion on the album:Kot 2004. p. 242 A Ghost Is Born was the first Wilco album with pianist Mikael Jorgensen; he had previously worked as an engineer with the band on their collaboration with The Minus 5. Jeff Tweedy provided lead vocals and acted as lead guitarist for the only time since the band formed. John Stirratt, the only original member aside from Tweedy, played bass and guitar. Glenn Kotche and Jim O'Rourke, Tweedy's associates from Loose Fur, acted as drummer and multi-instrumentalist, respectively. Leroy Bach played a variety of keyboards as well as bass guitar. All members of the band contributed with a synthesizer part on "Less Than You Think".A Ghost Is Born album notes, June 22, 2004. Nonesuch Records, 79809. ==Marketing and promotion== Wilco began touring in support of Ghost even before the album had been released. Multi-instrumentalist Leroy Bach left the band after the recording sessions to join a theater production, so Wilco added jazz rock guitarist Nels Cline and multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansone to replace him.Kot 2004. p. 243 Sansone had been playing with The Autumn Defense, a side project led by bassist John Stirratt. However, the tour to support the album had to be abridged. In May 2004, Tweedy checked himself into a rehabilitation clinic in Chicago, Illinois due to chronic migraine headaches, anxiety attacks, and clinical depression. In the process of treating the ailments, Tweedy became addicted to prescription painkillers. His rehab led to the cancellation of the European stage of the tour and a delay in the album's release date. Intended for release on June 8, 2004, the album was officially released on June 22, 2004.Kot 2004. p. 244 The band also webcast the album in its entirety on the Internet in a promotion with Apple Computer. Nonesuch was willing to allow the MPEG-4 broadcast due to the success of a similar broadcast in the promotion of Yankee Hotel Foxtrot. Additionally, Wilco offered a free EP to purchasers of the album. The EP featured two outtakes from the album—"Panthers" and "Kicking Television"—and live versions of "At Least That's What You Said", "The Late Greats", and "Handshake Drugs". The EP was later packaged with the album and sold as a "deluxe version". Last accessed July 27, 2007. ==Reception== In its debut week, A Ghost Is Born peaked at number 8 on the Billboard 200 chart and sold over 81,000 copies, the highest US chart peak and best sales week ever attained by the band at that time. Last accessed July 27, 2007. The album was an international hit as well, peaking at number 24 in Norway, number 29 in Sweden, number 33 in New Zealand, number 34 in Belgium, and number 37 in Ireland. Last accessed July 27, 2007. As of April 13, 2007, the album has sold over 340,000 copies in the United States, according to Nielsen SoundScan. Like Foxtrot, A Ghost Is Born was well received by critics. On Metacritic, the album holds a score of 81 out of 100 from 33 critics, indicating "universal acclaim". Jon Pareles of Rolling Stone called A Ghost Is Born "as eerie as anything Wilco have recorded yet" and applauded Tweedy for offering "illuminating curiosity about what can happen in a song." Billboard cited it as Wilco's "most difficult and uncompromising album to date." Akiva Gottlieb of Stylus Magazine praised A Ghost Is Born as being "even more brilliant" than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, a sentiment echoed by Michael Metevier of PopMatters, who added that the album made him "surprised and delighted enough to last several lifetimes." Keith Phipps of The A.V. Club wrote that A Ghost Is Born "channels its shaggy sound into pop music" that "constantly threatens to erupt into noise or fade into silence, but it's still hard not to hum along." James Hunter of The Village Voice felt that "Wilco's ideas are unremarkable, but are worked out with intelligence and striking conception. And as it happens, the new organic emphasis tables some of Wilco's lamer stylistic obsessions." Q called the album "more meandering" than Yankee Hotel Foxtrot, but also "more confident, more coherent, yielding an all-enveloping warmth that's entirely resistant to any iPod shuffle function." Among mixed reviews, Rob Mitchum of Pitchfork criticized A Ghost Is Born as "wildly uneven" and "less cohesive than any other Wilco release." Village Voice critic Robert Christgau called it a "privileged self-indulgence" due to its extreme musical dynamics. NME wrote of the album: "It's like Scissor Sisters on tranquilisers. With a bit of ELO. And a dash of Ramones. And, with this eclecticism, a worrying lack of focus." Joshua Klein of the Chicago Tribune felt that the album possessed an "incomplete" quality which nonetheless can be "quite intriguing, more of a side step than a forward leap, but a worthy experiment all the same." Ann Powers of Blender wrote that on first listen, the album is "rather monotonous, a bunch of moderately singable tunes with some noise piled up around the edges", but that it "starts to insinuate meaning" over subsequent listens. In 2005, A Ghost Is Born won two Grammy Awards for Best Alternative Music Album and Best Recording Package. Although the band was nominated for Grammys for work on previous albums, this was the first time that they won one. The band only won one award, as the winner for Best Recording Package is credited towards the artist of the artwork, not the performer. ==Track listing== All songs written by Jeff Tweedy except where noted. US vinyl (8122-76492-1) / standard US CD (7559-79809-2) Side one #"At Least That's What You Said" – 5:33 #"Hell Is Chrome" (Tweedy, Mikael Jorgensen) – 4:38 #"Spiders (Kidsmoke)" – 10:46 Side two #"Muzzle of Bees" – 4:56 #"Hummingbird" – 3:11 #"Handshake Drugs" – 6:07 Side three #"Wishful Thinking" (Tweedy, Glenn Kotche) – 4:41 #"Company in My Back" – 3:46 #"I'm a Wheel" – 2:37 #"Theologians" (Tweedy, Jorgensen, Chris Girard) – 3:36 Side four #"Less Than You Think" (Tweedy, John Stirratt, Kotche, Jorgensen, Leroy Bach, Jim O'Rourke) – 15:04 #"The Late Greats" – 2:31 Limited edition two-CD set (7559-79892-2) CD one #"At Least That's What You Said" – 5:29 #"Hell Is Chrome" – 4:33 #"Spiders (Kidsmoke)" – 10:41 #"Muzzle of Bees" – 4:51 #"Hummingbird" – 3:06 #"Handshake Drugs" – 6:02 #"Wishful Thinking" – 4:37 #"Company in My Back" – 3:42 #"I'm a Wheel" – 2:33 #"Theologians" – 3:31 #"Less Than You Think" – 15:00 #"The Late Greats" – 2:30 CD two #"Panthers" – 3:49 #"At Least That's What You Said" (live) – 5:53 #"The Late Greats" (live) – 2:39 #"Handshake Drugs" (live) – 6:12 #"Kicking Television" – 2:49 ==Singles== *"I'm a Wheel" (July 26, 2004) **7-inch vinyl only, "I'm a Wheel" b/w "Kicking Television" ==Personnel== === Wilco === *Jeff Tweedy – vocals (all tracks), electric guitar (1–4, 6, 9, 10), acoustic baritone 12-string guitar (4, 7), acoustic guitar (6–8, 10, 12), acoustic 6-string bass, loops, filters, synths (11) *John Stirratt – bass (1, 3, 6–10, 12), electric guitar (2, 5), backing vocals (2–6), piano (4), acoustic guitar, loops, filters, synths (11) *Glenn Kotche – drums (all tracks), hammered dulcimer (8, 11), percussion (8), loops, filters, synths (11) *Leroy Bach – piano (1, 6, 8, 12), Korg CX-3 organ (2, 8), bass (4), vibes (7), electric guitar (9), acoustic guitar (10, 11), loops, filters, synths (11) *Mikael Jorgensen – synthesizer (1, 8, 11), piano (2–5, 7, 10, 12), Rocksichord (3, 6), Farfisa organ (4, 7, 12), Stylophone (8) === Additional musicians === *Jim O'Rourke – piano (1, 3, 4, 10), bass (2, 5), electric guitar (3, 5, 6, 12), ARP 2600 (3), acoustic guitar (4, 8), Korg CX-3 organ (7), loops, filters, synths (11) *Frankie Montuoro – hammered dulcimer (5) *Karen Waltuch – viola (5) *Tim Barnes – percussion (6) === Technical personnel === *Wilco – production *Jim O'Rourke – production, mixing, engineering, mixing *Chris Shaw – engineer *TJ Doherty – assistant engineer *Tim Iseler – assistant engineer *Mikael Jorgensen – engineer *Steve Rooke – mastering *Frankie Montuoro – production assistant, technical assistance *Stan Doty, Daniel Herbst, Deborah Miles Johnson, Haydn Johnston, Matt Zivich – production assistants, technical assistance *Dan Nadel – graphic design *Peter Buchanan-Smith – graphic design, photography *Mike Schmelling – photography *Gladys Nilsson – drawing *Ken Waagner – digital supervisor ==Charts== Chart performance for A Ghost Is Born Chart (2004) Peak position ==Notes== ==References== * ==External links== *Link to downloadable EP with purchase of album * Category:2004 albums Category:Nonesuch Records albums Category:Wilco albums Category:Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album Category:Albums produced by Jeff Tweedy Category:Albums produced by Jim O'Rourke (musician)
7662078	A Just Russia – For Truth	A Just Russia – For Truth (SRZP; ), formerly A Just Russia (SR), also referred to as Fair Russia, is a social conservative and social-democratic political party in Russia. The party is considered to be part of the "systemic opposition", but has supported the agenda of incumbent president Vladimir Putin, including his foreign policy. The party was formed on 28 October 2006 as a merger of the left-wing factions of Rodina, the Russian Party of Life and the Russian Pensioners' Party. Later, six further minor parties joined. It then called for a "New Socialism of the 21st Century" which guarantees the rights and freedoms of the individual and ensures the proper functioning of a welfare state. In 2011, Nikolai Levichev was elected as party chairman, succeeding Sergey Mironov who led the party in 2006–2011. On 27 October 2013, Mironov was re-elected as party chairman, and again on 28 October 2018. On 28 January 2021, the party merged with the For Truth and Patriots of Russia parties. == History == ===Name=== * : A Just Russia: Motherland/Pensioners/Life (; SR:RPZh) * : A Just Russia (; SR) * since : Socialist Political Party "A Just Russia – Patriots – For Truth" (; SRZP) === Establishment === On 26 March 2006, the deputy head of the presidential administration, Vladislav Surkov, met with Sergey Mironov, then the party leader of the Party of Life, and 30 deputies from the party, where Surkov formulated the idea of building a two-party system in the country, in which the Kremlin could rely on one of two parties, the other being the ruling party, United Russia. Surkov stated: "Society has no 'second leg' to step on when the first one is numb. In Russia, a second large party is needed". Surkov suggested that the role of the "main leg" would be left to United Russia for the near future. In the meeting, Surkov also noted that in the 2003 legislative elections, United Russia received about 37% of the vote, which was about the same as the next three parties, the Communist Party, the Liberal Democratic Party, and Rodina, and said that ideally, the "second leg" should have the same level of electoral support as the three parties. According to researcher Luke March, a second party of power would incentivize United Russia to perform well, or strong performance for A Just Russia would have "Putin's influence spread all over the political field", quoting political commentator Sergei Markov. A Just Russia formed on 28 October 2006 as a merger of three parties, namely Rodina, the Russian Party of Life and the Russian Pensioners' Party. Of these, the nationalist Rodina was the largest, having won 9% of the popular vote in the 2003 Duma elections. At the time of the merger, Rodina had 37 seats in the Duma. The Party of Pensioners had gained 3% of the vote, failing to cross the 5% election threshold and also been weakened by infighting in its leadership. The social-democratic Party of Life led by Sergey Mironov was still relatively young and had won only one regional election. As the only party of the three with seats in the Duma, Rodina dominated the unification process. In simultaneous conventions held in Moscow on 26 August 2006, the Party of Life and the Party of Pensioners decided to join Rodina. Two months later on 28 October 2006, the new party held its founding congress which decided to change the party's name to A Just Russia.History A Just Russia Mironov was elected the unified party's chairman while Rodina's former chairman Alexander Babakov became the secretary of the central council presidium and the leader of the Party of Pensioners Igor Zotov became secretary of the political council.A Fair and Just Russia The Political Platform of Russia's Social Democrats Part 1: Philosophy and the Current State of Russia The School of Russian and Asian Studies. Archived 20 July 2018. The next year, A Just Russia expanded further, absorbing three additional small parties in 2007, namely the People's Party, the Party of Entrepreneurship Development and the Party of Constitutional Democrats. thumb|Former logo of the party until 2011 At the party's founding convention, chairman Sergey Mironov expressed support for the direction given to the country by President Vladimir Putin, claiming that "we will not allow anyone to veer from it after Putin leaves his post in 2008". At the same time, he harshly criticised Putin's party United Russia and what Mironov called the largest party's "monopoly" of the nation's political, economic and administrative resources. Mironov characterised A Just Russia as a new "leftist political force" and a "hard opposition", saying that "if United Russia is the party of power, we will become the party of the people".New 'Just Russia' Party Says Putin Knows Best St Petersburg Times, 31 October 2006 === First election successes === Shortly after its creation, A Just Russia participated in its first elections when the party's candidate won the mayoral race in Samara. The March 2007 regional elections were dominated by United Russia, but A Just Russia also put up a strong performance. In particular, the new party won a majority in the regional parliament in Stavropol Krai.Sakwa 2011, p.66 The emergence of A Just Russia changed Russia's political landscape and demonstrated that the country's leadership had been split between two parties. United Russia supporters in the presidential administration grew wary of the challenge posed by A Just Russia, worrying that United Russia would lose its position as "the president's party". Before the 2007 Duma elections, the Kremlin had withdrawn its support of A Just Russia and threw its weight entirely behind United Russia. In a press conference on 19 January 2007 dedicated to upcoming Duma elections, Secretary of the Central Party Council of A Just Russia Alexander Babakov announced that the party had approximately 300,000 members.Alexander Babakov: The party numbers around 300,000 A Just Russia, 22 January 2007 In May 2007, A Just Russia's chairman Sergey Mironov proposed a merger between his party and the Communist Party of the Russian Federation in order to create a new unified socialist party. === 2007 Duma elections === In the run-up to the December 2007 Duma elections, President Vladimir Putin – the country's most popular politician – explicitly and unequivocally endorsed the United Russia party and decided to head its national list. Putin's decision significantly changed the election campaign and resulted in a massive boost to United Russia's popularity. This represented a harsh blow to A Just Russia which also had hoped to ride on Putin's popularity.Sakwa 2011, pp. 220–221 Polls suggested the party could have difficulties crossing the 7% election threshold.Sakwa 2011, p. 248 A Just Russia appointed three persons to its national list, namely chairman Sergey Mironov; Svetlana Goryacheva (a former member of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation); and Sergey Shargunov, a 27-year-old fiction author.Sakwa 2011, p.222 In its regional lists, A Just Russia had 553 candidates, taking its total number of candidates to 556. This was more than the Communists (515), but less than United Russia (600).Sakwa 2011, p. 228 Although originally positioned as a centre-left party, under Mironov's leadership A Just Russia campaigned as a socialist alternative to the Communists. In the end, A Just Russia received 5,383,639 votes (7.74%), becoming the fourth party to cross the 7% election threshold and enter the Duma after United Russia, the Communists and the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia. As a result, A Just Russia got 38 of the 450 seats (8.4%) in the Duma.Final Result of the Duma Election, 2 December 2007 Levada Center The party received its highest share of votes in Astrakhan (20%), Saint Petersburg (16%) and Stavropol (13%). In Saint Petersburg, the hometown of chairman Mironov, A Just Russia became the second largest party. Mironov said he would not take up his seat in the Duma himself, but instead continue as the Chairman of the Federation Council.Sergey Mironov summarizes the Results of the Elections A Just Russia, 13 December 2007 A Just Russia's performance in the elections was a slight disappointment, especially since one of its predecessor parties, Rodina, had won 9% of the votes in the 2003 elections. ==== Post-election ==== On 10 December 2007, A Just Russia was part of a coalition of parties which nominated Dmitry Medvedev as their candidate for the 2008 presidential elections. On 25 April 2008, A Just Russia held its third annual congress, where the party expelled thousands of members who were not aware that they were members. The party's charter was amended at the congress to make mergers easier. The congress also disbanded the party's politburo and transferred its functions to the Central Council. Politburo's chairman Nikolai Levichev, who also heads A Just Russia's faction in the State Duma, was elected as the council's first secretary. During its XXIII Congress On 30 June 2008, A Just Russia was accepted into the Socialist International, the worldwide organisation of social-democratic political parties. The United Socialist Party of Russia and the Russian Ecological Party "The Greens" merged into the party in 2008. In the 2007–2011 State Duma, A Just Russia became a strong supporter of the Medvedev modernisation programme, endorsing President Dmitry Medvedev's view that Russia must move towards a diversified post- industrial economy and democratisation of its political system. A Just Russia also advocated restoration of direct gubernatorial elections and lowering the Duma election threshold from 7% to 3%. A Just Russia voted against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's anti-crisis plan in April 2009 and also voted against the governments budgets in 2010 and 2011. According to researcher Luke March, in the 2007–2011 Duma A Just Russia clearly moved towards Medvedev. The party has declared absolute opposition to Putin's government while remaining supportive of Medvedev. On 2 February 2010, Mironov told talk show host Vladimir Pozner Jr. that "to say that we support Vladimir Putin in everything and personally is already outdated information", noting that the party "categorically opposed" Putin's budget. A scandal broke out with the ruling party, leading to A Just Russia and United Russia to sign a political agreement to jointly support Putin and Medvedev on certain strategic issues and agreeing to discuss disagreements between them. However, A Just Russia withdrew from the agreement a month later, with Mironov accusing United Russia of violating the agreement. In March 2011, Mironov stated that the party would not support United Russia's candidate for the next presidential election, and that it would decide on its nomination later in the autumn. At the party congress on 16 April 2011, Nikolai Levichev was elected party leader after Mironov was removed from the position. In May 2011, Mironov was removed from his position of Chairman of the Federation Council. In August 2011, the party published its manifesto, announcing its transition to full opposition to the authorities. ===2011 Duma elections=== In the 2011 legislative elections, the party received 13% of the vote, extending its number of seats to 64. Following reports of electoral fraud at the election, party members joined in post- election protests against the results. Gennady Gudkov, a party heavyweight and deputy, was prominent at the demonstrations. Senior party members took part in demonstrations at Bolotnaya Square on 10 December, among them Gudkov and Oksana Dmitriyeva. ===2012 presidential election=== Mironov was nominated as the party's candidate for the 2012 presidential election. Mironov stated that he would "enter the race not to participate, but to win", and also promised to nominate Oksana Dmitriyeva as prime minister if elected. Mironov called for a return to a socialist model of government. While he stated that he predicted a Putin victory, he declared that he would support Gennady Zyuganov in a hypothetical runoff against Putin. According to election results, Mironov came in last place, with 3.85% of the vote. ====Post-election==== On 22 May 2012, during a State Duma session where a bill was being considered to increase fines for those who violated protest laws, Mironov wore a white ribbon, a symbol that was being used by the anti-Kremlin opposition in protests against Putin's re-election, and the party remained silent in the discussion of the bill as a sign of protest. Mironov stated that the party "fundamentally disagrees with the content of the bill". On 27 October 2012, Mironov called on members to stop wearing the white ribbon, the day after a United Russia deputy, Alexander Sidyakin, branded deputies who wore it as "traitors" and stomped on a white ribbon. Mironov urged members to distance themselves from the opposition, claiming that the rallies turned into a "political sect". He also threatened to expel Ilya Ponomaryov and Gudkov from the party for joining the opposition's Coordination Council. Ponomaryov and Gudkov were also among the deputies who were branded as traitors by Sidyakin. From 2012, members of the party who actively took part in protests left or were expelled from the party, including Gudkov and Ponomaryov. Dmitriyeva also distanced herself from the party. In October 2013, Mironov was elected as party leader and in 2014, A Just Russia, along with United Russia, the Communist Party, and the Liberal Democratic Party, supported Putin's foreign policy following the Annexation of Crimea, and much of his domestic policy. === 2016 Duma elections === In the 2016 legislative elections, A Just Russia received 6% of the vote, losing most of its seats and retaining only 23 seats. === 2018 presidential election === In December 2017, Mironov outlined the party's new tasks, choosing not to participate in the 2018 presidential election due to his unwillingness to fight "for second place". Instead, the party would endorse Putin and work to limit the influence of United Russia on the agenda of Putin. Mironov stated that A Just Russia was, is, and will be in opposition to United Russia, but that it could not be "in opposition to Russia herself". Mironov also proposed "to honestly tell voters" that there was no "worthy alternative" to Putin. RBC reported that, according to sources close to the party's leadership, Mironov's unwillingness to participate in the election was due to fatigue and financial difficulties. === 2021 Duma elections === Ahead of the 2021 legislative elections, A Just Russia merged with the parties Patriots of Russia and For Truth in January 2021, forming A Just Russia – Patriots – For Truth. Mironov remained party leader, and according to their unification manifesto, the party would run on "12 principles of truth, patriotism and justice", including "strengthening the role of the state in the economy, developing a progressive taxation scale, toughening punishments for corruption, increasing the minimum wage, pensions and social benefits, phasing out of the high school state exams and budget decentralization". The party also reportedly planned to come in second place in the election, after United Russia, but eventually came third, after United Russia and the Communist Party of the Russian Federation. ==== Post-election ==== In February 2022, the party voted in favour of the recognition of the Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic by the Russian Federation and later it supported the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. As a result of these announcements, A Just Russia – For Truth was expelled from the Socialist International in March 2022. In July 2022, the leader of the CPRF, Gennady Zyuganov allowed CPRF to proposed merging with A Just Russia – For Truth, but only if that party adopted the Communist program. The day before, the leader of the A Just Russia Sergey Mironov said that he "does not see any obstacles to the creation in Russia of a large coalition of left-wing patriotic forces". == Membership == In 2012, the party claimed to have 400,000 members and claimed to be the largest left-wing party in Russia. It has regional branches in all federal subjects of Russia. == Ideology and platform == A Just Russia calls for the creation of a welfare state with less economic inequality, but protecting individual property rights and maintaining a market economy. Under the leadership of Sergey Mironov, the party has presented itself as a socialist alternative to the Communist Party of the Russian Federation, and describes its ideology as "New Socialism of the 21st century". In the party platform, this "New Socialism" is defined as the antithesis of "barbarous, oligarchic capitalism". It represents a more individualist or liberal socialism.A Fair and Just Russia. The Political Platform of Russia's Social Democrats Part 2: The Individual & Government The School of Russian and Asian Studies. Archived 27 July 2018. Improving the socio-economic position of the average Russian is the party's primary aim. It wishes to replace Russia's 13% flat-rate income tax with progressive taxation and demands that spending on employment programmes is increased to 1% of GDP. In the State Duma, the party emphasises its role as "constructive opposition" that opposes high-level corruption and supports further democratisation of the political system. In the 2007–2011 Duma, A Just Russia declared absolute opposition to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government, voting against the government's budgets in 2010 and 2011 while remaining strongly supportive of President Dmitry Medvedev and his modernisation programme. Despite such position, A Just Russia endorsed Putin in the 2018 Russian presidential election. In Russia's international relations, A Just Russia proposes moving away from the Western sphere and strengthening relations between the former Soviet states. Two of its deputies, Gennady Nosovko and Dmitry Gorovtchov, have on multiple occasions, at least in 2014, 2015, if not in 2012 and 2018 and 2022, proposed a bill that would unfetter mercenaries, who would be able "to provide armed escort of ships; train security forces; assist with mine clearing, protection of officials and facilities; take part in alternative settlement of armed conflicts" and more besides according to the 2014 bill, which would put them under the supervision of the Federal Security Service. == Chairmen == === A Just Russia === No. Portrait Chairmen Took office Left office 1 center Sergey Mironov 28 October 2006 16 April 2011 2 center Nikolai Levichev 16 April 2011 27 October 2013 3 center Sergey Mironov 27 October 2013 22 February 2021 === A Just Russia – For Truth === No. Portrait Chairmen Took office Left office Co–chairmen 3 center Sergey Mironov 22 February 2021 Incumbent Zakhar Prilepin Gennady Semigin == International cooperation == A Just Russia used to be a full member of the Socialist International, but on 7 March 2022 the party was expelled for its support of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. It also maintains friendly relations with Latin American left-wing political parties. A Just Russia repeatedly sent greetings to annual meetings of São Paulo Forum. ==Electoral results== ===Presidential=== Election Candidate First round Second round Result Votes % Votes % 2008 Endorsed Dmitry Medvedev 52,530,712 70.3 colspan=2 2012 Sergey Mironov 2,763,935 3.9 colspan=2 2018 Endorsed Vladimir Putin 56,430,712 76.7 colspan=2 ===State Duma=== Election Leader Votes % Seats +/– Rank Government 2007 Sergey Mironov 5,383,639 7.7 4th 2011 Nikolai Levichev 8,695,522 13.2 26 3rd 2016 Sergey Mironov 3,275,053 6.2 41 4th 2016 Sergey Mironov 3,275,053 6.2 41 4th 2021 Sergey Mironov 4,201,715 7.5 4 4th == Mergers == The following parties have merged into A Just Russia. The dates in brackets show when the merger took place and when it ended. * Patriots of Russia (January 2021) * For Truth (January 2021) * Party of Social Justice (September 2008) * United Socialist Party of Russia (May 2007) * People's Party of the Russian Federation (April 2007) * Party of Entrepreneurship Development (2007) * Party of Constitutional Democrats (2007) * The Greens (June 2009 – February 2012; re-established as an independent party in 2012) * Rodina (October 2006 – September 2012; re-established as an independent party in 2012) * Russian Pensioners' Party (October 2006 – April 2012; re- established as an independent party in 2012) * Russian Party of Life (October 2006) == References == == Literature == * * == External links == * * * Website of Moscow oblast regional committee * A Just Russia prepares the International day of the UN on the website of the WSIS Category:Registered political parties in Russia Category:Political parties established in 2006 Category:2006 establishments in Russia Category:Centrist parties in Russia Category:Centre- left parties in Europe Category:Conservative parties in Russia Category:Social conservative parties Category:Social democratic parties in Russia Category:Socialist International Category:Democratic socialist parties in Europe
7675887	A Fortunate Life	A Fortunate Life is an autobiography by Albert Facey published in 1981, nine months before his death. It chronicles his early life in Western Australia, his experiences as a private during the Gallipoli campaign of World War I and his return to civilian life after the war. It also documents his extraordinary life of hardship, loss, friendship and love. During the initial days of its publication, Albert Facey became a nationwide celebrity. Notwithstanding the interest in it, Facey considered his life to be simple and "had no idea what all the fuss was about". When asked in an interview, where the name of the book originated, he replied, "I called it 'A Fortunate Life' because I truly believe that is what I had". It has become a classic piece of Australian literature and is one of Australia's most beloved books. it has, since its publication in 1981, sold over one million copies, becoming a primary account of the Australian experience during World War I. It is also featured in many Australian primary and secondary schools as a recommended book for young adults. ==Overview== ===Plot summary=== The autobiography begins at his birth. Albert Barnett Facey was born in Maidstone, Victoria, Australia, in 1894, the youngest of seven children. His father died in 1896 of typhoid fever after moving to the Goldfields of Western Australia with Bert's two eldest brothers. In 1898, Bert's Grandpa became ill and died in October that year. Bert's mother then left the rest of her children to be looked after by their grandmother Mrs Jane Carr (born 1832 – died 1932), to go to the Goldfields, but met and married another man and had nothing further to do with Bert's upbringing. In 1899 Bert moved from Victoria to the Goldfields in the care of his grandmother, together with three of his six older siblings: Roy, Eric and Myra. Most of his childhood was spent in the Wickepin area, some south east of Perth. His aunt and her husband had been granted an agricultural lease there, so the children moved with them and Mrs Carr to start a farm. At the age of eight, although two older brothers remained, when a neighbouring farmer offered a wage and all found, Bert was put into service. His new employer, a horse thief, was given to violent drunken rages, but after being given a severe horsewhipping, Bert managed to escape. Work on subsequent farms were much better experiences and Bert's appreciation of life in the bush grew. Bert had not lost touch with his uncle's farm, his grandmother and siblings. At the age of 14, when Roy and Eric resolved to go to live with their mother, who was by then in Perth, he took the decision to leave the very companionable family set-up he had found himself working for and go to live with her. He had had no contact with her for 12 years and it soon became clear that although his mother was pleased to see them all, she was more interested in the money they could provide. Bert left and took up work as a cattle drover. Over a period of six months he worked in a team moving cattle from the Ashburton river over to market in Geraldton. During a furious storm he became separated from the other drovers and lost his way. He almost died of hunger and exposure before being found a week later by Aboriginal peoples, who took care of him and lead him back to the drovers. Later he worked with the water board, clearing bores, digging channels and building water reservoirs and dams on wheat belt properties, even surviving the perilous collapse of a deep water bore his team was clearing. At the age of eighteen he began as a railway line navvy. Bert had developed an interest in boxing while in Perth, which was put to use dealing with the vindictive line construction overseer. Throughout his childhood and teenage years, there had been no possibility of formal education, but Bert taught himself to read and write. Looking for work in the pre-war years, he realised that he was not comfortable with paperwork, offices and cities, far preferring life in the bush. He had become an accomplished horseman, bushman, and at 18 was a professional boxer. In August 1915, during the Gallipoli campaign of the First World War, Joseph and Roy, two of his brothers, were killed, and Bert was badly injured. He suffered severe problems, which the medics were unable to either explain or treat. Whilst recuperating, he met his future wife Evelyn Mary Gibson. The medics had given him two years to live, but they resolved to enjoy every day together and were married in Bunbury in August 1916. The Faceys lived in East Perth before returning to Wickepin six years later with their children, where they lived until 1934. His wife died in 1976, shortly before what would have been their sixtieth wedding anniversary. The couple had seven childrenthe eldest, Barney, was killed during the Second World Warand twenty-eight grandchildren. ===Origins and publishing history=== Facey had been making notes on his life since an early age, and had been entertaining family and friends for decades with his stories which, over the years, became more and more polished (at times at the cost of historical accuracy). At the urging of his wife, he eventually wrote them up into a full manuscript, by hand, in a series of exercise books, working at the kitchen table. He then had the manuscript typed up and sent it to Fremantle Arts Centre Press, requesting that twenty copies be printed and bound for family members and friends. Facey's story was so remarkable, however, that it was immediately accepted for commercial publication. It appeared just nine months before his death on 11 February 1982, in his 88th year. ==Achievements== ===Awards and honours=== Albert Facey and A Fortunate Life have been the recipients of a host of award nominations since the initial publication of the book but have only won two major book awards. It won the 1981 Banjo Award for Australian Literature and then the 1981 New South Wales Literacy Award. In 2004 the book was named as Australia's 10th most popular on the ABC's My Favourite Book list. ==Publishing details== * ==Other media== ===Mini series=== A Fortunate Life was a mini series based on the novel, which screened in 1986 on the Nine Network. It was narrated by Bill Kerr and featured many well known Australian actors. It starred a cast of young actors who started their careers in this series: Scott Bartle (plays Bert aged 5), Antony Richards (Bert aged 9), Benedict Sweeney (Bert aged 14) and Donovan Curyer Oshlack (plays Roy aged 14–16). It was filmed in Mount Tom Price, Coolgardie, Kalgoorlie, Bunbury, Mullewa, Fremantle and Victoria Park. The mini-series was released on DVD by Umbrella Entertainment in March 2008 and is compatible with all region codes. it was available for streaming on Amazon Prime Video in Australia. ==References== ==External links== * Journal of the Australian War Memorial (Issue 33 - 2000) - References A fortunate life. *A Fortunate Life (mini series) at Australian Screen Online *Extract from A Fortunate Life at Penguin Books Australia Category:Australian autobiographies Category:1988 non-fiction books Category:Western Australian literature Category:1980s Australian television miniseries Category:1986 Australian television series debuts Category:1986 Australian television series endings Category:1986 television films Category:1986 films
7681412	A Little Madonna	A Little Madonna is a 1914 American silent drama film, directed by Ulysses Davis. ==Cast== * William Desmond Taylor * Patricia Palmer * Charles Bennett * Jane Novak * Loyola O'Connor * Anne Schaefer ==External links== * Category:1914 films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American silent short films Category:Vitagraph Studios short films Category:1914 drama films Category:1914 short films Category:Silent American drama films Category:1910s American films
7686901	A Far Sunset	A Far Sunset is a science fiction novel by Edmund Cooper, published by Hodder & Stoughton in July 1967 in the UK and by Walker and Company that year. ==Plot summary== The starship Gloria Mundi, built and crewed by the United States of Europe, lands on the planet Altair Five in the year 2032. When part of the crew ventures out to explore the region around their touchdown point, their radio communication soon ceases and they do not return. Three of the crew sent to rescue their mates vanish within hours. Of the three remaining, all of whom are captured after they finally leave the ship in search of the missing, only psychiatrist Paul Marlow, the book's protagonist, survives. The planet is inhabited by primeval humanoids. A central theme in the novel is the clash between Marlowe's rational worldview and the indigenous peoples' superstitious and often brutal culture. His name is pronounced Poul Mer Lo by the Bayani tribe he lives amongst; he gains a leading position in the primitive society. Marlow eventually goes on a journey which has the result of demystifying the natives' religion by discovering its factual origin - thereby uncovering that the humans of Altair Five share their ancestry with humans of Earth and of other worlds in the Milky Way. When he returns from this journey, he is raised to the most powerful position within the society. Marlow uses this power to educate the alien race; he introduces them to writing, to transforming Earth inventions such as the wheel, the ball-bearing and the axle, and to better industrial and agricultural methods. While throughout his stay on this world, Marlow has longed to go home, he reaches a point where he adapts to the simplicity and naivety of the Bayani lifestyle, and starts seeing the complexities of Earth as absurd. When, after less than three Altair Five years, he is contacted by a starship and rescue is imminent, he decides to stay in spite of a specific fate which awaits him. ==See also== *Lest Darkness Fall ==External links== *A short plot description at www.fantasticfiction.co.uk * Category:1967 British novels Category:1967 science fiction novels Category:Altair in fiction Category:British science fiction novels Category:Fiction set in 2032 Category:Hodder & Stoughton books Category:Novels about extraterrestrial life Category:Religion in science fiction
7690541	A Bold Stroke for a Wife	A Bold Stroke for a Wife is Susanna Centlivre's 18th-century satirical English play first performed in 1718. The plot expresses the author's unabashed support of the British Whig Party: she criticises the Tories, religious hypocrisy, and the greed of capitalism. ==Synopsis== Set in 18th-century England, the play tells the story of a military officer who wants to marry a young woman. His obstacles are the four guardians who watch over Anne Lovely. Each of the four has his own idea of the ideal husband. The catch is that each is disagreeable in his own way, and they can't possibly see eye to eye on a man for Anne. To gain Miss Lovely's hand in marriage, soldier Colonel Fainwell must convince the four guardians that he will make an ideal husband. Fainwell takes the bold stroke of wearing elaborate disguises, four of which mimic the personalities and occupations of each of the guardians in turn: an antiquarian, an old beau, a Quaker, and an exchange broker. In all, Fainwell dons the guise of a preening fop, a mysterious world traveler, a shuffling country steward, a dimwitted Dutchman and a fire-and-brimstone preacher in turn. The fire-and-brimstone Quaker character impersonated by Fainwell is Simon Pure, and one point of the plot is to discover the "real" Simon Pure. Fainwell gets the guardians' permission to wed Lovely but before the marriage can take place, the real Simon Pure shows up at the end to prove his identity. ==Characters== ===Main=== :Colonel Fainwell is the protagonist in this play, going after the consent of the four guardians to receive Anne Lovely's hand in marriage. Helped by his friend Freeman, he resorts to impersonations and deceitful behaviours to gain the consent of the four guardians by transforming himself into the ideal husband each guardian seeks. :Anne Lovely is the damsel in distress held hostage by the four guardians. She seeks an exit from them and relies on Fainwell to obtain consent from her guardians to gain her freedom. She has a massive amount of money that comes with her when she marries after the guardians give consent. She changes her life style and attitude for each guardian she stays with, as she has to stay with each of the guardians for three months per year. ===Guardians=== *Periwinkle is described as an antique collector, his wardrobe collection is made up of clothes of fashion from the last century, and he follows the words of the author of a collection of travellers' tales Sir John Mandeville more than the words of the Bible. Deception to obtain his consent fails the first time, but is successful the second time when he is tricked into signing the consent when presented with the false lease for his uncle's estate. *Tradelove is described as a stickler for trade, hates anything that comes with a sword, and is a great admirer of Dutch traders believing they understand trade better than any other nation. It is also noted that he is devilish in his dealings, as he cheated his father for the advantage of stock to get a bargain. He is encouraged to offer his consent to marry Anne Lovely to the Dutch trader in lieu of the payment of two thousand pounds wagered. *Sir Philip Modelove is described as a "beau." He is an old fashioned man who dresses fancy by keeping with the new fashions, and is the cheapest of the whole company on birthdays. He admires the French and enjoys the French operas, balls, and masquerades. Approving Colonel Fainwell's French behaviours and high class appearance, he gives his consent and introduces Fainwell to the rest of the guardians. *Obadiah Prim is a very rigid Quaker. At the start of the play Anne Lovely is seen entering Prim's house to start her three-month stay with him. He believes those who are not Quakers are impure. He is deceived by Colonel Fainwell when he impersonates Simon Pure and gives his consent when he is convinced Colonel Fainwell had converted Lovely. ===Other=== :Mrs. Prim, Obadiah's wife, berates Anne Lovely for not being a Quaker and for her appearance and choices in clothes. :Betty is Anne Lovely's maid and only friend. :Simon Pure is a Quaker preacher from Pennsylvania who comes to visit Obadiah Prim. His visit creates an entrance for Colonel Fainwell and is impersonated by him. :Freeman is Colonel Fainwell's friend, dedicated to helping Fainwell achieve his goals with Anne Lovely. He initially introduces Fainwell to his difficult task and directly helps obtain consent from Tradelove by the levering a wager the merchant has lost. Freeman also keeps an eye out for Colonel Fainwell during his impersonation of Simon Pure and sends in a false letter to help. :Sackbut is the tavern keeper. He describes each guardian to Colonel Fainwell and also helps Fainwell with his goal of obtaining consent from them. ==Summary== ===Act 1=== The act starts with Colonel Fainwell and Freeman at the local tavern as Colonel Fainwell is talking of love. He has seen Anne Lovely earlier in the day and inquires about her of his friend Freeman, who calls upon the Tavern owner Sackbut to tell Fainwell about the four guardians who were left with the care of Lovely and her fortune. It is revealed that her father wished Lovely dead a thousand times because he wished the world would end on his passing. Since fortune was to be passed down to Lovely, the father arranged it so that in order for Lovely to marry, she had to get the consent of all four guardians. Each of the guardians had their own view of the ideal husband in ways that contradicted each other making it impossible for a universal agreement among the four men. Lovely spends three months of each year at each of the guardians' residences. Her three months with Prim begins as the action opens. With promises of help from Freeman and Sackbut, Fainwell plans on obtaining the consent of the guardians, beginning with Sir Philip Modelove. During Fainwell's meeting with his friends, Lovely and her assistant Betty discuss Lovely's situation with the guardians. Lovely is sick and tired of being subjected to the "preposterous humours" of people in town and being pointed at. Lovely brings up that Colonel Fainwell had promised her freedom from her situation and mentions that she likes the Colonel above all the men she has ever seen. ====Key points==== Fainwell's method of obtaining consent is to assume the identity of the ideal gentleman to each guardian. Since he has no chance in obtaining consent as himself from all four guardians simultaneously, he is forced to get consent individually. The Colonel only needs to deceive each guardian long enough to receive consent to marry Anne Lovely while disguised as the guardian's ideal husband. ===Act 2=== Colonel Fainwell shows up at the park dressed nicely to impress Sir Philip with a few footmen to show off. Fainwell is supposedly dressed in a French style which attracts the attention of Sir Philip as Colonel approaches him. Once they begin to "praise one another", the woman sitting with Sir Philip leaves and the Colonel says everything that Sir Philip wants to hear. Sir Philip gives his consent and they arrange for Fainwell to be introduced personally to the other three guardians. At Obadiah Prim's house, Mrs. Prim and Anne Lovely argue about Lovely's choice of dress, Mrs. Prim saying it is too revealing. Lovely argues back saying Mrs. Prim is a prude and a believer of Quaker to Quaker relations. Mr. Prim enters and states that Lovely's breasts are too exposed and that she should hide them with a handkerchief, also stating that it inflames desire in other men. Lovely is upset and declares that her father never meant the tyranny of guardianship to control her life, while Mr. Prim defends himself by stating that all he meant was to prevent her from wearing temping attire and provoking others to sin. Sir Philip and Fainwell arrive at Prim's house and Fainwell is introduced to Mr. Prim formally for the first time. Then he is introduced to Lovely and as he goes to kiss her hand, he attempts to give her a letter which she drops and Prim picks up. After Fainwell reveals to Lovely who he really is, Lovely realizes she had made a mistake refusing his letter. She snatches the letter away from Prim and shreds it before anyone can take it back from her. The other guardians arrive and Fainwell is introduced to Periwinkle and Tradelove. Both guardians question Colonel Fainwell, determine that they disapprove of Sir Philip's suggestion, and leave declaring their requirement that all of their personal qualifications be met. ====Key Points==== We see in this act that Sir Philip is a fop. He has very big interests in Fashion and is made to believe the Colonel is a higher figure than he really is. The Colonel plays every card he knows to mirror Sir Philip's personality to make them seem to "…appear to have but one soul, for our ideas and conceptions are the same."(Act 2, Scene 1, 83–85). In the next scene, we see how Lovely rejects Quaker strictures and notions of 'modesty.' Mr. and Mrs. Prim's characteristics are revealed even more when the point about romance between Quakers is accepted even with temptation being involved, but if they are not Quakers, it is evil and is looked down upon. It is reconfirmed that the disapproval of the other guardians is unanimous, as each fails to see the Colonel as one of his own kind. ===Act 3=== Act three starts with Sackbut congratulating Colonel Fainwell for obtaining the consent of at least one of the guardians. The Colonel is in an Egyptian dress, disguised as a foreigner, to meet Periwinkle. Periwinkle is intrigued by not only the foreign appearance of Fainwell, but also the antique "habits" the Colonel displays. Periwinkle asks Fainwell if he has collected any rarities, as odd trinkets capture his interest, even asking if he's had a crocodile. Fainwell plays it off saying that he possesses more worthy knowledge than would be shown by possession of such petite items. He claims that he has great knowledge of the sun, more than what Descartes has claimed to discover and find out. With Periwinkle astonished and jealous, Fainwell lists a slew of items with claims of outrageous things they can do. He finishes off the list with a typical girdle claiming it has the power to make the wearer invisible and able to teleport instantaneously. Fainwell explains that in order for the girdle to work, the others in the room must face east. After the explanation Periwinkle tries on the girdle, Fainwell and Sackbut turn towards the east, and when they turn back, they pretend that Periwinkle disappeared. Not convinced, Periwinkle requests that the Colonel try the girdle on. Fainwell agrees and when Periwinkle and Sackbut turn east, Fainwell hides underneath a trap door so that when Periwinkle turns back, the illusion of invisibility is played out. After the demonstration, Sackbut raises a point saying that if Periwinkle would purchase the girdle and use it, he would be able to travel as he always wanted to. The Colonel says that the girdle would never change ownership for money and reveals that the point of his trip is to find the guardians of Lovely and win their consent in his marriage suit. The first guardian to give consent would receive the girdle, and Periwinkle declares that he is one of the four guardians of Lovely. Right when the agreement is to be signed and finalized, a drawer of the tailor reveals to Periwinkle that the foreigner is actually Colonel Fainwell, ruining Fainwell's plans. Fainwell flees immediately and Freeman enters to set forth the backup plan. Freeman informs Periwinkle that his uncle is dying and suggests that he make a trip to the estate despite it being far away. Periwinkle thanks Freeman, leaves, and the Colonel and Sackbut re-enter with the plan of going after the next guardian, Tradelove. ====Key Points==== Fainwell is dressed up as a foreigner armed with a "unique" item that is so intriguing to Periwinkle, Fainwell could demand anything and would likely receive it. Strangely enough, the item Fainwell uses is called "moros musphonon", meaning mousetrap for a fool in Greek. Periwinkle is indeed a fool and is easily manipulated into believing the girdle's abilities. He is also a fool for easily believing the disguised Fainwell was the nephew of his admirer John Tradescant. ===Act 4=== Act four opens at the Exchange Alley where all the stock action takes place with Tradelove looking busy. Freeman enters with Fainwell disguised as a Dutch trader with news saying the Spanish had raised their siege of Cagliari. The note states that no one would know right now, but in a few hours it will go public and this would be the perfect opportunity to make money. Tradelove and Freeman both make transactions that they think will bear fruit, and Freeman mentions to Tradelove that the Colonel has no idea of the potential opportunity present. Tradelove insists that the siege has been raised while Fainwell holds his end maintaining that it has not. Result: Tradelove lays down a money bet. With the bet made, Fainwell and Freeman make it back to Sackbut's Tavern to plan for Periwinkle's opening with his dying uncle. Before they get started, Sackbut enters with a letter addressed to Prim, introducing him to Simon Pure, a Quaker leader. Fainwell plans on impersonating this Simon Pure to try to secure consent from Mr. Prim. Sackbut prepares Quaker clothes and also provides the country dress Fainwell is to wear as the steward of Periwinkle's uncle. Tradelove shows up at the tavern seeking Freeman's audience. Fainwell disguised as the steward sneaks out, Freeman meets with Tradelove who immediately brings up that the letter Freeman received earlier was a fake. Tradelove loses the bet he made with Fainwell at the exchange and is unable to pay it. Freeman suggests that Tradelove offer his consent to marry off Anne Lovely without mentioning to the Colonel that he would still require the consent of the other three guardians. Tradelove agrees to this proposal and tells Freeman to ask the "Dutch Trader" to accept this proposal in satisfaction of the two thousand pounds wagered. The scene shifts to the Colonel disguised as the steward at Periwinkle's house informing him of his uncle's death. Fainwell now as "Pillage" sobs in between lines to make it seem like the uncle's death greatly impacts his life. Fainwell brings up the contents of the uncle's will, and lastly mentioning "his" lease needs to be renewed with the approval of Periwinkle. Periwinkle approves, and as he inspects the pen Fainwell hands him, Fainwell switches the lease for the consent contract and Periwinkle signs the consent form unknowingly. With the form in hand, Fainwell leaves Periwinkle's house and returns to the tavern where Freeman and Tradelove are waiting. Before the Colonel has a chance to make an appearance, Tradelove praises the generosity of the Dutch trader for accepting the proposal of his consent for marriage in lieu of the two thousand pound payment. The Colonel, now dressed as the Dutch trader, enters and secures the deal for consent, with Sackbut and Freeman as witnesses of the signing. Tradelove leaves, claiming he will put in a good word with the other guardians as he made the Dutch trader believe he was the main man in charge of Anne Lovely's marriage affairs. On Periwinkle's way out, he is smiling, thinking that he has bested the Dutch Trader, gaining relief for his debt at the small price of his consent for a still impossible marriage. ====Key Points==== Tradelove is seen to admire Dutch traders, claiming they know stocks and trade best of all nations, and yet he makes a wager with confidence against the Colonel based on the letter Freeman shows him. He shows his cocky behaviour, hoping to finally outwit a Dutch trader, and his trust in Freeman by accepting the information in the letter. After Tradelove finds out about his ruin, he offers consent for the trader to marry Lovely in lieu of his payment. He emphasizes that he is the leader of all the guardians in charge of Lovely's marriage plans, saying that he would not give up the consent easily. The deceit is played out and accepted by the Colonel, making Tradelove feel like a winner when in reality he is the loser. At Periwinkle's house, all goes according to plan; Fainwell acts as if the death was a true tragedy to help prove that the circumstances are genuine. He brings up the lease signing to get a signature one way or another, switching it with the consent contract to secure Anne Lovely from Periwinkle's end. The arrival of Simon Pure's letter was not originally in the plans and represents a godsend for Fainwell, an opportunity to win Prim's consent to marry Anne Lovely. ===Act 5=== The act starts at Prim's house with Mrs. Prim and Anne Lovely arguing over Lovely's choice in dress. Lovely declares that she wishes to dress in whatever fashion she desires and claims that Mrs. Prim would have never attracted any man with the way she dresses. Mrs. Prim counters that she did indeed attract many men while properly dressed. Loveley, she says, is too familiar with wicked people. The guardians all enter and all claim that they have found a husband for Lovely. As each speaks, a different guardian shoots the candidate down, despite, unbeknownst to them, each candidate being the same person. Prim is the only one without a candidate to marry Lovely, which changes quickly when a servant announces that Simon Pure, the Colonel in disguise, has arrived. The Colonel enters in a Quaker's outfit as Lovely and Mrs. Prim re-enter to greet the "guest." As Lovely enters, Fainwell cannot help but stare at her. Prim notices this and asks why Fainwell stares, to which he responds that he had a dream and saw Lovely in it. Prim interprets this as Lovely being converted and leaves with Mrs. Prim to have Fainwell convert Lovely so she will become a faithful Quaker. Lovely does not recognize Fainwell in his Quaker disguise and shrieks when he approaches her initially. Fainwell reveals his identity to calm her down. Due to the shriek, Prim investigates, but Lovely explains she shrieked because of Fainwell's non-stop blabber about converting her into a Quaker. Convinced, Prim exits once again to leave Fainwell and Lovely alone. Fainwell explains to Lovely that he has the consent of the other three guardians and only needs Prim's to marry her. Lovely plays along with Fainwell, faking that she has indeed converted to a Quaker. Prim is convinced that Lovely is converted. Then a servant enters and informs Prim that the real Simon Pure has arrived. Once Simon Pure has arrived, Fainwell's deception holds because a counterfeit letter is brought in, stating that there would be an imposter dressed as a Quaker with a mob to rob and kill Prim. Fainwell accuses Simon of being the imposter and Lovely adds on saying that she saw Simon with said mob, convincing Prim to dismiss the real Simon Pure. Fainwell realizes his time under cover is short, so he acts quickly and explains that Lovely would not be left alone by the Sathan and Lovely displays attitudes as if the spirits have filled her. Convinced, Prim gives his consent for Fainwell to marry Lovely and signs the papers, only for Simon to return with proof of his identity. Since Fainwell has obtained the consent, he no longer has any reason to deceive anyone anymore and admits that he was the false Simon Pure. All the guardians enter with Freeman and realize that they have all been deceived as Fainwell exposes his many identities to them. ====Key Points==== Fainwell's disguise as a Quaker admits him to the household of Prim and wins acceptance from him and his wife. After Lovely discovers his disguise, her acting helps persuade Prim that she has been converted, hence the speedy consent approval. The counterfeit letter that mentions an imposter could have gone both ways. With Fainwell's aggression and Lovely's assistance, Simon is forced to leave, and he is gone long enough for Fainwell to obtain the consent form from Prim. The letter had not been pre-planned, but the Colonel recognizes Freeman's handwriting, and his handywork. Freeman has kept watch, on the look-out for the arrival of the real Simon Pure. ==Analysis== Centlivre made fun of all the stereotypes of her time, fearlessly sending up the marriage mart, fashion, commerce, academia and even religion.Kistler, Julie. (15 April 2005) Pantagraph (Bloomington, IL). Illinois Wesleyan theater takes a 'Bold' step forward. Pg. D. ==History== A Bold Stroke for a Wife was first performed at the Lincoln's Inn Fields Theatre, on 3 February 1718, where it ran six nights, which was considered a substantial success. The original cast included James Spiller as Periwinkle, William Bullock as Tradelove, George Pack as Obadiah, Christopher Bullock as Colonel Fainwell, John Ogden as Freeman, Jane Rogers as Mrs Lovely and Mary Kent as Mrs Prim. During its long life the play became very popular in the United States. It was produced as early as 1782 (in Baltimore). In 1786 a Charleston, South Carolina, journalist commented that "The Bold Stroke for a Wife . . . is one of the few comedies that has stood the test of time -- it is full of business and intrigue and abounds with such a variety as always arrests and keeps up the attention of the audience until it ends."Charleston[SC]Morning Post 10 October 1786 The play continued to find American audiences into the nineteenth century, and was billed as a "fine old comedy" when it was presented at Wallack's Theatre on Broadway in 1863. In 1960, this play was adapted as the film 'Ek Phool Chaar Kaante' (A Rose and Four Thorns) starring Sunil Dutt and Waheeda Rehman. The four guardians were portrayed by the then four most famous character actors of contemporary Bollywood- David, Dhumal, Rashid Khan and Johnny Walker. In a 1985 production by Double Edge TheatreDouble Edge Theatre of Boston, MA, was founded in 1982, and tries to incorporate 'living culture' into all of its productions. In some ways this can be compared to the concept of 'third theatre.' See Miller, David. (June 1995). TDR (Cambridge, Mass.), MIT Press. Songs at the well: Double Edge Theatre. (Boston, Massachusetts). Pg. 115. the play was set in the androgynous cabaret world of the 1920s as an ironic look at "the marriage game" written by an 18th-century male impersonator to underscore its cross-gender casting and the wry implications such an approach has in contemporary society.McLaughlin , Jeff. The Boston Globe. N.E. Life to Sponsor Performance Series. Section: Arts and Film. Pg. 58. ==Contribution to language== right|thumb|Cast list from first printing, 1718 ===Simon Pure=== Like the character of Mrs. Malaprop in Sheridan's play The Rivals, the name Simon Pure soon became a noun for a quality in a person. In Mrs. Malaprop's case, that quality was incorrect usage of a word by substituting a similar- sounding word with different meaning, usually with comic effect. In Simon's case, that quality was authenticity and in Simon's impersonator's case, that quality was hypocrisy.Safire, William. (3 June 1984). The New York Times. On Language; Taint So. Section 6; Pg. 614. In adjectival use, the compound quickly gained a hyphen and lost its capitals when, in 1894, William Dean Howells wrote glowingly of "American individuality, the real, simon-pure article." As in boycott from Captain Boycott and bloomer from Amelia Bloomer, names turn into words and lose their capital letters in eponymy. As a noun, Simon Pure is two words; as an adjective, it is lowercase and still holds the hyphen. That keeps the adjectival form untainted. The fact that there were two Simon Pures on stage is probably the reason the term became a confusing one. Depending on how it's used, it can mean either an honest man or a hypocrite who makes a great show of virtue.Miami Herald. (12 July 1985). Front Section. Pg. 25D. In modern usage, Simon Pure has become the source of two expressions: the phrase "The real Simon Pure", meaning "the real man"; and the adjective "simon-pure", meaning either # of genuine, untainted purity or integrity; or # pretentiously, superficially or hypocritically virtuous. In 1984, the term "simon-pure" received some publicity when Ambassador Robert Morris at the United States State Department conceded that the United States had taken some steps toward economic protectionism, but insisted, "If we are not simon-pure, we remain fairly credible."Safire, William. (3 June 1984). The New York Times. On Language; Taint So. Section 6; Pg. 614. As reported by then-The New York Times columnist William Safire, the phrase simon-pure means "untainted." In this context, delegates to conventions who are unencumbered by charges of being the creatures of ill-gotten fundsThat is to say, their presence at the convention is not the direct or indirect result of bribes are simon-pure delegates. ==References== * A Bold Stroke for a Wife, Broadview Press 1995 printing, . * "The Questors Presents A Bold Stroke for a Wife by Susanna Centilivre", The Questors Theatre, June 1954 * "A Bold Stroke for a Wife to Take Mainstage at IWU" Illinois Wesleyan University School of Theatre Arts, 30 March 2005 * Definition of simon-pure Merriam-Webster online dictionary * "Simon-pure", The American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition, Houghton Mifflin Company, 2004. From Dictionary.com. (accessed: 3 November 2006). * "Simon Pure" Ebenezer Cobham Brewer, Brewer's Dictionary of Phrase and Fable, 1898, from Bartleby.com * Centlivre, Susanna. A Bold Stroke for a Wife. Concise. Orchard Park, New York: Broadview Press, 2003. 722–761. Print. Category:1718 plays Category:Plays by Susanna Centlivre Category:Comedy plays Category:West End plays
7709287	A Forest Romance	A Forest Romance is a 1913 American silent short Western film directed by Frank Montgomery and starring Harry von Meter and Mona Darkfeather. ==Cast== * Mona Darkfeather * Harry von Meter * James Davis * Arthur Ortego * Harry Schumm * Jack Messick as Rowland ==References== ==External links== * Category:1913 films Category:1913 Western (genre) films Category:1910s romance films Category:American black-and-white films Category:American romance films Category:American silent short films Category:Silent American Western (genre) films Category:1910s American films
7765742	A Girl Called Dusty	A Girl Called Dusty is the debut studio album by English singer Dusty Springfield. It was released on 17 April 1964 in the United Kingdom by Philips Records. The album peaked at No. 6 on the UK Album Charts and No.5 on NME charts in May 1964. ==Background== Dusty Springfield had been a member of the girl group The Lana Sisters from 1958 to 1960, and the folk-pop trio The Springfields from 1960–1963, in the latter case with her brother Tom Springfield. While on tour in the US in the early 1960s she was exposed to soul music, which was to have a profound impact on her subsequent life and career. Although The Springfields were moderately successful, with songs such as "Island of Dreams", "Bambino" and "Silver Threads And Golden Needles" (a No. 16 US country hit), their style of music limited the wide range of material that Dusty Springfield wanted to sing. Therefore, in 1963, Springfield decided to begin a career as a solo singer. Her first single, "I Only Want to Be with You", was actually recorded while still a member of The Springfields, and was released one week after their final concert. The song was a success in both Britain and the US and led to the recording of A Girl Called Dusty which was released in 1964. The album contained a mix of mostly straightforward pop songs and a few Motown influenced numbers, such as "When The Lovelight Starts Shining Through His Eyes", "Will You Love Me Tomorrow" and "Mockingbird". It also marked Springfield's first collaboration with well- known songwriters Burt Bacharach and Hal David, as well as Gerry Goffin and Carole King, whose songs Springfield continued to record for the rest of her career. At the time, A Girl Called Dusty was not released to the US market. Instead, Philips released a compilation of singles and tracks recorded for the album as Stay Awhile/I Only Want To Be With You. It was named after her first two singles, which had been Top 20 hits in the US. Later in 1964, Philips released Dusty, a second version of A Girl Called Dusty with a different track listing and different tracks. ==Release history== A Girl Called Dusty was first released both in mono (BF 7594) and stereo (SBL 7594) on 17 April 1964 by Philips Records, in the LP album format. The album had its first CD release in June 1990 by Philips Records/PolyGram, then a direct transfer from vinyl. In 1997, two years before Springfield's death, a digitally remastered and expanded edition was issued by Mercury Records, then including eight bonus tracks as well as a few alternate mixes. Since most of the original multi- track master tapes are thought to be completely lost in the Philips Records archives, the vast majority of the tracks on the 1997 version are in mono, or in some cases, re-created stereo mixes using alternate vocal takes. The current CD version of A Girl Called Dusty, which still remains in print, is consequently radically different from the original album, as produced by Johnny Franz and Springfield herself. ==Reception== The album was included in Robert Dimery's 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.^ Robert Dimery; Michael Lydon (23 March 2010). 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die: Revised and Updated Edition. Universe. . ==Track listing== Side A Side B Bonus tracks 1997 CD re-issue ==Personnel and production== * Dusty Springfield – lead vocals * The Breakaways – background vocals * Johnny Franz – record producer * Ivor Raymonde – orchestra director * Keith Grant – engineer * Roger Wake – digital remastering/remix (1997 re-issue) * Mike Gill – digital remastering/remix (1997 re-issue) ==Charts== Chart (1964) Peak position New Musical Express 5 Melody Maker 4 Year End Album Charts 19 ==References== ;Bibliography * Howes, Paul (2007). The Complete Dusty Springfield, London: Reynolds & Hearn Ltd. , Category:Dusty Springfield albums Category:1964 debut albums Category:Philips Records albums Category:Albums produced by Johnny Franz
7775647	A Golden Rainbow	A Golden Rainbow is a 1915 American silent short film directed by Tom Ricketts, and starring Perry Banks, Louise Lester, Harry von Meter, and Jack Richardson. ==External links== * Category:1915 films Category:American silent short films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Films directed by Tom Ricketts Category:1910s American films
7833777	A Gorgeous Girl Like Me	A Gorgeous Girl Like Me (), also known as A Gorgeous Bird Like Me, is a 1972 French film directed by François Truffaut, starring Bernadette Lafont. It is based on Henry Farrell's 1967 novel of the same name. Truffaut called it "a sarcastic comedy thriller."Tho audiences may be jaded, Truffaut will remain Truffaut Mills, Bart. Chicago Tribune 6 Aug 1972: i13. ==Plot== Stanislas Previne is a young sociologist preparing a thesis on criminal women. He meets Camille Bliss in prison to interview her. Camille is accused of having murdered her lover Arthur and her father. She tells Stanislas about her life and her love affairs. Stanislas, much to the frustration of his secretary, who also has a crush on him, soon falls in love with Camille and works to find the evidence to prove her innocence. His secretary tries to convince the sociologist that Camille is a "manipulative slut" but he cannot be convinced. Through investigation, the sociologist and his secretary find a young boy, an amateur filmmaker, who has captured the evidence they need on film to secure Camille's release from prison. Once free, Camille, who always has loved music and has seduced the cabaret singer Sam Golden earlier in the film, becomes a cause célèbre and a singing star. Stanislas meets her after a performance, and she seduces him at her home; however, her husband (who is cuckolded many times during the film) discovers them and beats him up. Camille kills her husband and then plants the gun on her passed-out paramour. When Stanislas is imprisoned for murder, Camille will do nothing to help the man who once freed her. As he cleans up the prison in the film's final segment, the camera pans to show Stanislas' secretary typing a manuscript on a nearby balcony, presumably the thesis that Stanislas began, but this time preparing one that will expose Camille as the manipulative seductress that Stanislas discovered her to truly be. ==Cast== * Bernadette Lafont as Camille Bliss * André Dussollier as Stanislas Prévine * Claude Brasseur as Maître Murene * Charles Denner as Arthur * Guy Marchand as Roger aka Sam Golden * Anne Kreis as Hélène * Philippe Léotard as Clovis Bliss * Gilberte Géniat as Isobel Bliss * Michel Delahaye as Marchal * Danièle Girard as Florence Golden * Martine Ferrière as prison secretary * Jacob Weizbluth as Alphonse, the mute * Jean-François Stévenin as the newspapers seller (uncredited) * François Truffaut as a journalist (voice, uncredited)Allen, Don. Finally Truffaut. New York: Beaufort Books. 1985. . . pp. 233. ==References== == External links == * Category:1972 films Category:French comedy films Category:1970s French-language films Category:Films scored by Georges Delerue Category:Films directed by François Truffaut Category:Films with screenplays by Jean-Loup Dabadie Category:Films with screenplays by François Truffaut Category:Films based on American novels Category:1970s French films
785456	A Big Hunk o' Love	"A Big Hunk o' Love" is a song recorded by Elvis Presley and released as a single on June 23, 1959 by RCA Victor, which topped the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks. The song was revived by Presley in 1972 during his engagements at the Las Vegas Hilton in February 1972 and was used in his live shows until mid-1973. It was performed live for the last time on January 26, 1974. The song is included in the 1972 documentary Elvis On Tour and his 1973 show broadcast via satellite, Aloha from Hawaii. During this time period, it was played by the Elvis' TCB Band, and featured Glen D. Hardin and James Burton. The song was written by Aaron Schroeder and Sidney Wyche, under the name Sid Jaxon and published by Elvis Presley's company Gladys Music, Inc. Aaron Schroeder (along with Wally Gold), also wrote "It's Now or Never" and "Good Luck Charm", both of which, like "A Big Hunk o' Love", were originally recorded by American rock and roll icon Elvis Presley. Syd Wyche is best known for writing the jazz standard "Alright, Okay, You Win", whereas Aaron Schroeder co-wrote many hits in the rock`n`roll area, from "Fools Hall of Fame" (Pat Boone) to "Because They're Young" (Duane Eddy). In an interview conducted by Jan-Erik Kjeseth, he also revealed that in fact he worked with his partner Wally Gold in order to improve a song submitted by another writer, and the result was "It's My Party", a big hit for Lesley Gore. Schroeder and Gold tossed a coin as to whose name should go on the record, and Gold "won". The song appeared on the 1959 compilation 50,000,000 Elvis Fans Can't Be Wrong and the 2002 career retrospective ELV1S: 30#1 Hits. == Recording == "A Big Hunk o' Love", a hard, driving rocker, was recorded at Elvis' first and only session during his two years of Army service. The session took place on June 10, 1958, in Nashville, Tennessee. It was the first session that did not include guitarist Scotty Moore and bassist Bill Black, who had both worked with Elvis since his first recordings for Sam Phillips at the Memphis Recording Service, which later became known as Sun Studios. The recording featured Elvis' drummer D.J. Fontana and backing vocalists the Jordanaires, who would continue to work with Elvis until Elvis' appearance at the Hilton in Las Vegas. The rest of the musicians were noted Nashville session men, such as guitarist Hank Garland on a Gibson Byrdland guitar, Floyd Cramer on piano, Bob Moore on double bass, and Buddy Harman and D.J. Fontana on drums. The song was recorded in four takes, the released version is actually spliced from takes three and four. ==Personnel== *Elvis Presley - lead vocals, rhythm guitar *Chet Atkins – rhythm guitar *Hank Garland - lead guitar *Bob Moore - double bass *D.J. Fontana, Buddy Harman - drums *Floyd Cramer - piano *Steve Sholes - producer *Bob Ferris - engineer == Release and chart performance == RCA Victor had paired "A Big Hunk o' Love" for release as a single with "My Wish Came True" as the B-side in both the United States and England. When the single was released on June 23, it was the third release to come from Elvis' army session after "I Got Stung" on October 21, 1958, and "I Need Your Love Tonight" b/w "(Now and Then There's) A Fool Such as I" on March 10, 1959. The A-side spent two weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 while the B-side peaked at No. 12. The single was less successful on the Cashbox Top 100 with the A-side peaking at No. 2 and the B-side at No. 23. On the UK Singles Chart the A-side peaked at No. 4, while the B-side did not appear on the chart. The A-side also peaked at No. 10 on Billboard magazine's R&B; Singles chart. Presley's next single was another Aaron Schroeder co-composition, "Stuck on You". "A Big Hunk o' Love" was the first of four of Schroeder's songs that became No. 1 hits for Presley. "A Big Hunk o' Love" b/w "My Wish Came True" was Presley's last commercially released Canadian 78 RPM. It was Elvis' first single to not receive a 78 RPM pressing in the United States. == Single track listings == == See also == *List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 1959 == References == Category:1959 singles Category:Elvis Presley songs Category:RCA Records singles Category:Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles Category:Songs written by Aaron Schroeder Category:1959 songs Category:RCA Victor singles Category:Songs written by Sid Wyche
7868751	A Christmas Carol (2006 film)	A Christmas Carol (a.k.a. A Christmas Carol: Scrooge's Ghostly Tale) is a 2006 British-German computer-animated Christmas film. It is an adaptation of the 1843 Charles Dickens novella of the same name, and was produced by BKN International and BKN New Media, and was the first release in BKN's "BKN Classic Series" anthology of computer-animated direct-to-video films. The film was first released in the United States theatrically in select cities by Kidtoon Films on November 6, 2006. It was released on DVD in the United Kingdom on November 20, 2006 by BKN Home Entertainment, and a day later in the United States on November 21, 2006, by Genius Products. This version casts the famous Dickens characters as anthropomorphic animals; Ebenezer Scrooge and his relatives are skunks, Bob Cratchit and his family are rabbits, the ghost of Jacob Marley is a cricket, the Ghost of Christmas Past, Present, and Future are a stork, kangaroo, and walrus. This version differs from the original novella in many ways; for example, the Ghost of Christmas Future actually speaks, while in most versions he remains silent. Tiny Tim does not die in the possible future revealed to Scrooge, but instead becomes as miserly as he is.Jacob Marley is said to be have been dead for two years, unlike the original in which he was dead for seven years, Scrooge's death is also different, as he drowned due to his own greed by stacking his gold until it fell on him rather than dying of natural causes and joins Marley in the afterlife. Scrooge's childhood home is also shown. ==Cast== *Timothy Bentinck as Narrator and Ebenezer Scrooge *Jo Wyatt as Mrs. Cratchit *Brian Bowles as Bob Cratchit *Keith Wickham as Collector for the Orphanage #1, Scrooge's Father, The Ghosts of Christmas Present and Future and Jacob Marley *Teresa Gallagher as Ghost of Christmas Past, Tiny Tim and Fan *Adam Rhys Dee as Fred *Alan Marriott as Collector for the Orphanage #2 (uncredited) ==See also== * List of Christmas films * List of ghost films * List of American films of 2006 * Adaptations of A Christmas Carol * List of animated feature-length films ==References== ==External links== * * A Christmas Carol at Big Cartoon Database Category:2006 films Category:2006 computer-animated films Category:Animated films based on novels Category:Films based on A Christmas Carol Category:British Christmas films Category:British children's films Category:British computer-animated films Category:2000s American animated films Category:2000s Christmas films Category:2000s children's animated films Category:2006 direct-to-video films Category:Films produced by Rick Ungar Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s British films
7925412	A Hostage and the Meaning of Life	A Hostage and the Meaning of Life is an album by the rock band Brazil. ==Reception== ==Track listing== # "A Hostage" – 2:56 # "The Novemberist" – 4:47 # "Io" – 3:34 # "Escape" – 3:14 # "We" – 3:03 # "The Iconoclast" – 5:19 # "Zentropa" – 3:04 # "Fall Into" – 4:15 # "Metropol" – 6:41 # "Aventine" – 3:45 # "Form and Function" – 2:12 # "Fatale and Futique" – 5:14 ==Credits== Jonathon Newby – Vocals, MOOG, vocoder Nic Newby – keyboards Aaron Smith – electric guitar Eric Johnson – electric guitar James Sefchek – drums Benjamin Hunt – bass With Alex Newport – producer, engineer, mastering Matt Miller and J.R. Cary– pre-production Album Photography – Lisa K. Fett Sleeve Art – Colin May ==External links== ===Official sites=== *Brazil's Web Site *Brazil's Myspace *Brazil's Purevolume Category:Brazil (band) albums Category:2004 albums Category:Albums produced by Alex Newport
794855	A Defence of General Funston	"A Defence of General Funston" is a satirical piece written by Mark Twain lampooning US Army General and expansionism advocate Frederick Funston. Funston had been a colonel during the Spanish–American and Philippine–American Wars, and Twain had been an outspoken critic of these wars, as immoral ventures of the American state into the imperialist subjugation of foreign peoples and territories. In the piece, Twain essentially excoriates Funston as a scoundrel for the tactics he employed in capturing the Filipino president Emilio Aguinaldo, while at the same time facetiously arguing that Funston is not responsible for any of his actions since it was not Funston himself but his "inborn disposition" that determined his actions for him. As this is the only ground upon which Twain makes his "defence", the overall effect is to ironically and comically emphasize Twain's view that Funston's actions were completely indefensible. ==References== ==External links== * Category:Essays by Mark Twain Category:Philippine–American War Category:Spanish–American War
7976705	A Hobo's Christmas	A Hobo's Christmas is a 1987 American made-for-television drama film directed by Will Mackenzie and produced by Joe Byrne and Paul Freeman for CBS. The screenplay was written by Joe Byrne and Jeb Rosebrook. The film stars Barnard Hughes, Gerald McRaney, Wendy Crewson, William Hickey, Harley Cross, Helen Stenborg, Lee Weaver, and Jamie Sorrentini. ==Plot== After abandoning his family in Salt Lake City 25 years prior, Chance (a hobo) decides it's time to go home. Drifting from place to place, Chance finds himself in his hometown at Christmas time. However, his son (still resenting the fact that Chance ran out on his family 25 years earlier), gives Chance only one day with his grandkids; after that, he's expected to leave and never come back. Meanwhile, Chance's friends warn him that his son and the past are memories that are best left alone, and should leave, but he has to find out for himself. ==Cast== * Barnard Hughes as Chance * Gerald McRaney as Charlie * Wendy Crewson as Laurie * William Hickey as Cincinnati Harold * Harley Cross as Bobby Grovner * Helen Stenborg as Mrs. Gladys Morgan * Michael Flynn as Priest * Lee Weaver as Biloxi Slim * Jamie Sorrentini as Kathy Grovner * Michael Rudd as Omaha John Boswell * Logan Field as Lt. Nielsen * Alan Gregory as Desk Clerk * Laura Hughes as Carolina Blue * Dana Cutrer as Cajun * Donré Sampson as Desk Sergeant ==Production== Parts of the film were shot in Salt Lake City, Utah. ==See also== * List of Christmas films ==References== ==External links== * * Category:1987 films Category:1987 television films Category:1980s Christmas drama films Category:American Christmas drama films Category:CBS network films Category:Fictional hoboes Category:Films scored by Mark Snow Category:Films about families Category:Films set in Utah Category:Christmas television films Category:1987 drama films Category:American drama television films Category:1980s English-language films Category:1980s American films
800911	A Cold Wind Blows (game)	A Cold Wind Blows or The Big Wind Blows is a noncompetitive substitute for the game of musical chairs. It was developed in the 1970s as part of the New Games movement, developed by Andrew Fluegelman and colleagues. Party Games for All Occasions – Page 26 9382573119 Vanita Vij – 2011 In the non-competitive version of "musical chairs" one chair but no player is eliminated in each round. All players have to "sit down" on the remaining chairs, while their feet must not touch the floor. A Cold Wind Blows is another non-competitive substitute for "musical chairs." Extreme Musical Chairs The set up is the same as traditional musical chairs. Before the players sit downthey must complete a task that the music person gives out before each round. For example before sitting in a ... ==Background== The game of musical chairs is often played by children at parties. The Big Wind Blows is a fairly similar game, and is explained below. ==Rules== The game involves the same device of a competitive scramble for chairs, but restructures the play elements to provide a different game experience. A set of chairs, one less than the number of players, is arranged in a circle. One player is initially designated as "it." The person who is "it" stands in the center of the circle; while all other players sit on the chairs. In each round of play, the person who is "it" calls out any sentence, beginning with the words "The Big Wind Blows," that refers to one or more players. For example: *"The big wind blows if you have a dog." *"The big wind blows if your name begins with a vowel." *"The big wind blows if you play a sport." All of the players for whom the big wind blows—that is, players that fall into the named category—must vacate the chair that they are in and attempt to find another seat. At the same time, "it" attempts to sit in a chair. When all chairs are occupied, the person who failed to get a chair becomes "it" for the next round. ==Benefits== In "The Big Wind Blows," no player is ever eliminated and the game can proceed for as long as players are interested in playing. For the player who loses in the scramble, the negative experience is immediately followed by the positive experience of becoming "it" and thus controlling the next round of the game. Finally, the person who is "it" has the advantage of knowing the time of the scramble, exactly which chairs will be vacated, and a short distance to a vacant chair, so the person who is "it" usually finds a chair. Thus players typically become "it" for only one round at a time. Players rarely experience the frustration of losing many consecutive scrambles. No player remains "it" and dominates the game for long. Finally, the challenge of having to invent new categories—this is not usually stated as a rule but most players feel that they must do so—tends to mean that different people participate in each scramble, and most players participate in frequent scrambles and get turns of becoming "it." The game is very stable in the sense that it is not spoiled even if "it" deliberately chooses categories that contain a single selected person. (When this happens, the usual outcome is that "it" successfully grabs the selected person's seat while the selected person becomes "it"). Indeed, the balance of frustration and reward is so even that nobody is ever sure whether having "the big wind blow" for a single person is an expression of rivalry or of affection. The game combines the physical elements of the scramble with the mental requirements of alertness, logic, and reasoning in the construction of the categories. Groups of children, even children of mixed age and agility, can play this game for long periods of time without becoming frustrated or angry. ==See also== * Fruit Basket Turnover, almost exactly the same game by a different name. * Do You Love Your Neighbor?, almost exactly the same game. ==References== Category:Party games
8021609	A & M Karagheusian	thumb|right|238px|A portion of the Karagheusian Rug Mill as it stood, long abandoned, in Freehold in 1990. The faded "Gulistan" name can be seen in the center. A. & M. Karagheusian, Inc. was a rug manufacturer headquartered at 295 Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Manufacturing was located in Freehold Borough, New Jersey and operated for 60 years before closing in 1964. It employed 1,700 people at its peak operation in the 1930s. Bruce Springsteen wrote about the Karagheusian Rug Mill’s closing in his 1984 song "My Hometown". ==History== Arshag Karagheusian (1872-1963) and Miran Karagheusian (1874-1948), were Armenians and fled Turkey in 1896 to go to England and then to the United States. The family had been in the rug trade in Turkey since 1818, and they began in the United States in 1897 as rug importers, and then expanded into manufacturing in 1903. By 1927 they had 15 broadlooms, weighing 15 tons each, and 196 single looms. They developed, and were the only manufacturers of "Gulistan Rug" carpets. They made the carpet for Radio City Music Hall in 1932 and for the United States Supreme Court building in 1933. They stopped manufacturing oriental carpets in 1953. ==Miran Karagheusian== Miran Karagheusian (1874–1948) married Zabelle and had: Howard Karagheusian who died young, and a scholarship was set up in his name; and a daughter, Leila Karagheusian (c1910-1999). Miran Karagheusian died on October 7, 1948, at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, he lived in Oyster Bay, New York and he had attended Robert College in Turkey. ==Arshag Karagheusian== Arshag Karagheusian (1872–1963) had the following children: Jean Karagheusian Hallaure (1898–2000) aka Alice Hallaure; Charles Karagheusian (1903–1977) who married Artemis Tavshanjian (1904–1990) on April 30, 1927, and Marguerite Karagheusian Agathon (husband Oshin Agathon) (1904–1986). Arshag served as the head of the Armenian General Benevolent Union from 1943 to 1952. Arshag died on September 24, 1963, in Larchmont, New York. ==Renovation== In 2001, the mill reopened as a 202-unit affordable apartment complex, named The Continental at Freehold. The New Jersey Department of Community Affairs (DCA) and its affiliated New Jersey Housing and Mortgage Finance Agency (HMFA) were major financiers of the project. Community Affairs Commissioner Jane M. Kenny said: "Nearly forty years after the looms were packed up and hauled away, the rug mill is a working building once again." ==Archive== The Monmouth County Historical Association at 70 Court Street in Freehold Borough, New Jersey, houses a collection of manuscripts, newsletters, newspaper clippings, photographs, negatives and other materials related to the A & M Karagheusian Rug Mill, which was located in Freehold, New Jersey. ==Roselle Park factory== The company had a factory in Roselle Park, New Jersey, from May 19, 1923 to 1962. ==References== ==External links== *Monmouth County Historical Association: Coll. 51 A & M Karagheusian, Inc. Records, 1914-2001 *NJ Department of Community Affairs: Karagheusian Rug Mill *About Gulistan: Current manufacturer website Category:1904 establishments in the United States Category:Armenian- American culture in New York City Category:Armenian-American history Category:Carpet manufacturing companies Category:Freehold Borough, New Jersey Category:Persian rugs and carpets Category:Turkic rugs and carpets Category:Textile companies of the United States
8085362	A Dipset X-Mas	A Dipset X-Mas is a Christmas-themed hip hop compilation album by American rapper Jim Jones and his ByrdGang music group, released on December 5, 2006. This album features the remix of Jim Jones' "We Fly High." ==Track listing== ==Charts== Chart (2006) Peak position US Independent Albums US Top R&B;/Hip Hop Albums 28 64 ==References== Category:Jim Jones (rapper) albums Category:Christmas compilation albums Category:2006 Christmas albums Category:Christmas albums by American artists Category:E1 Music compilation albums Category:Diplomat Records albums
8191051	A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus	A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus is a fictional biographical account of Christopher Columbus written by Washington Irving in 1828. It was published in four volumes in Britain and in three volumes in the United States. The work was the most popular treatment of Columbus in the English-speaking world until the publication of Samuel Eliot Morison's biography Admiral of the Ocean Sea in 1942. It is one of the first examples of American historical fiction and one of several attempts at nationalistic myth- making undertaken by American writers and poets of the 19th century.Hazlett, John D. "Literary Nationalism and Ambivalence in Washington Irving's The Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus". American Literature: A Journal of Literary History, Criticism, and Bibliography 55.4 (1983): 560-575. It also helped to perpetuate the myth of the flat Earth. ==Writing== Irving was invited to Madrid to translate Spanish-language source material on Columbus into English. Irving decided instead to use the sources to write his own four- volume biography and history. Irving was a fiction writer and employed his talent to create an hyperbolic story of Christopher Columbus. During the research, he worked closely with Alexander von Humboldt, who had recently returned from his own North and South American trip, and could provide deep knowledge of the geography and science of the Americas and together they charted the route and first landing of Columbus in the Americas. Humboldt praised the biography after its release, which Walls, a biographer of Humboldt, partially attributes to Irving's willingness to pursue a wide- ranging scope of topics within the work, paralleling Humboldt's own effort, Examen Critique. ==Criticism== Historians have noted Irving's "active imagination" and called some aspects of his work "fanciful and sentimental". Literary critics have noted that Irving "saw American history as a useful means of establishing patriotism in his readers, and while his language tended to be more general, his avowed intention toward Columbus was thoroughly nationalist". From Irving's preface to the work, however, a contradictory intent emerges, that of the desire to write an accurate history: "In the execution of this work I have avoided indulging in mere speculations or general reflections, excepting such as rose naturally out of the subject, preferring to give a minute and circumstantial narrative, omitting no particular that appeared characteristic of the persons, the events, or the times; and endeavoring to place every fact in such a point of view, that the reader might perceive its merits, and draw his own maxims and conclusions" (I, 12-13). The critic William L. Hedges, in "Irving's Columbus: The Problem of Romantic Biography", argues: "To a large extent [Irving] may have been unconscious of his approach to history. And consciously he could not formulate his intentions except in stock phrases."Hedges, William L. "Irving's Columbus: The Problem of Romantic Biography", The Americas, 13 (Oct. 1956), 129 One glaring weakness, then, of the work as a historical biography, is perpetuating the myth that it was only the voyages of Columbus that finally convinced Europeans of his time that the Earth is not flat. In truth, no educated or influential member of medieval society believed the Earth to be flat. The idea of a spherical Earth had long been espoused in the classical tradition and was inherited by medieval academics. Irving had previously engaged in literary and historical hoaxes, and historian Jeffrey Burton Russell argues that Irving never intended to write a serious history of Columbus; rather, the superficial scholarliness of the work (including spurious footnotes) was a joke at the expense of his readers. From the perspective of constructivist literary critique: "Most of the critics who react this way, however, attack the work with counterevidence that is already present in Irving's text. The problem with the biography, therefore, is not that Irving presented only a partial portrait but rather that, in his ambivalence about the character of his hero and the imperialism that established the American colonies, as well as in his confusion about the function of historical writing, he created two portraits of Columbus". ==References== ==External links== * Original 1828 London edition of A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus at the Internet Archive (Vol. I, II, III, IV) Category:Works by Washington Irving Category:Cultural depictions of Christopher Columbus Columbus Category:1828 books Category:19th-century American literature Category:History books about exploration
8208175	A Little More Livin'	A Little More Livin' is the second studio album by American country music singer Trent Willmon, released on June 13, 2006 on Columbia Records Nashville. It features the singles "On Again Tonight" and "So Am I", which peaked at #27 and #59 on the Hot Country Songs charts, respectively. After the latter peaked, Willmon exited Columbia's roster. ==Track listing== ==Personnel== *Jim "Moose" Brown – piano *J. T. Corenflos – electric guitar, baritone guitar *Chad Cromwell – drums *Eric Darken – percussion *Larry Franklin – fiddle, mandolin *Kevin "Swine" Grantt – bass guitar *David Grissom – electric guitar, baritone guitar *Wes Hightower – background vocals *Kirk "Jelly Roll" Johnson – harmonica *Mike Johnson – steel guitar *Tim Lauer – accordion *Frank Rogers – baritone guitar *Bryan Sutton – acoustic guitar, banjo, gut string guitar, bouzouki *Dennis Wage – B3 organ *Trent Willmon – lead vocals ==Chart performance== Chart (2006) Peak position ==References== Category:2006 albums Category:Albums produced by Frank Rogers (record producer) Category:Columbia Records albums Category:Trent Willmon albums
8303847	A Kid's Guide to Giving	A Kid's Guide to Giving is a non-fiction children's book by Freddi Zeiler, with illustrations by Ward Schumaker. It sets out to teach and inform young people on how to give – both money and other help – to charities and other causes. It was published in 2006 by Innovative Kids in collaboration with By Kids For Kids.A Kid's Guide to Giving at WorldCat. Design: Ph.D Design. Publishers: Innovative Kids with By Kids For Kids. The book was recommended by former US President Bill Clinton in his Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World."A Kid's Guide to Giving by Freddi Zeiler Featured in Bill Clinton's Book Giving ", PRWeb, Dec 10, 2007 Freddi Zeiler realized when she was in 7th grade that she had a privileged life, seeing that other kids around the world worked all day just so their families could buy food and survive."Why I Give: Freddi's Story", an interview published by Colorado Children's Hospital She searched on the computer for the "perfect charity" for her interests and discovered a lot about charities in the process. She wrote the book to save other children the same effort. The book is a reference of many non-profit organizations that young people can relate to, divided into the categories People, Animals, and Environment. ==References== Category:2006 children's books Category:Children's non-fiction books Category:American children's books
8312349	A Barnstormer in Oz	A Barnstormer in Oz: A Rationalization and Extrapolation of the Split-Level Continuum is a 1982 novel by Philip José Farmer and is based on the setting and characters of L. Frank Baum's The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. The central character of the novel is Hank Stover, a pilot and the son of Dorothy Gale, who finds himself in Oz when his plane gets lost in a green cloud over Kansas in 1923. The Oz he discovers is on the brink of civil war; he encounters Erakna, the new Wicked Witch. Farmer takes an unusual approach to the corpus of Oz literature; he depends almost solely on Baum's original Oz book and neglects its many sequels. This "originalist" approach to the Oz mythos is rare but not unique; a few other writers have taken similar tacks, including Roger S. Baum, the great-grandson of L. Frank Baum. In Barnstormer, Dorothy has made only one visit to Oz; when Hank Stover arrives, the Scarecrow still rules the Emerald City, just as at the end of Baum's first Oz book. Since Farmer wrote for adults rather than children, there are elements of sex and violence in Barnstormer that are not typical of the Oz literature. As the book's subtitle indicates, Farmer indulges a rationalizing and explanatory bent: he treats Oz as a parallel universe in the science fiction vein. He attempts explanations and analyses of some of the fantastic elements in Baum's fictional world, including magic and talking animals. Literary scholars Kent Drummond, Susan Aronstein, and Terri L. Rittenburg have called it "the first instance of Dark Oz" and "the beginning of stand-alone, full-blown literary re-consumptions of Oz", specifying that it introduced the concept of "revisionist Oz, an Oz that purports to offer consumers the 'real Oz', the truth behind the myth."OZ GROWS UP, in The Road to Wicked: The Marketing and Consumption of Oz from L. Frank Baum to Broadway, by Kent Drummond, Susan Aronstein, and Terri L. Rittenburg; p. 143; published June 24, 2018, by Springer Publishing Opinions of Farmer's contribution to the literature of Oz span the entire critical spectrum; Jack Zipes called the novel "splendid",Jack David Zipes, Fairy Tale as Myth/Myth as Fairy Tale, Lexington, KY, University Press of Kentucky, 1994; p. 128. while Baum biographer Katharine Rogers considered it "revision to the point of debasement."Katharine M. Rogers, L. Frank Baum, Creator of Oz: A Biography, New York, Macmillan, 2002; p. 252. Publishers Weekly considered it to be "done with almost no whimsy or humor" and "though ambitious, (...) not one of [Farmer's] better books;"A BARNSTORMER IN OZ, reviewed in Publishers Weekly; published July 30, 1982; archived at PJFarmer.com In Analog Science Fiction and Fact, Thomas Easton opined that the novel "will surely appeal best to those who remember Oz fondly. Others may well find it a touch too cute."The Reference Library, by Thomas Easton, in Analog Science Fiction and Fact; published May 1983; archived at PJFarmer.com ==References== Category:Books based on The Wizard of Oz Category:1982 American novels Category:1982 fantasy novels Category:Novels by Philip José Farmer Category:Aviation novels Category:Parallel literature Category:Books with cover art by Don Ivan Punchatz Category:Phantasia Press books
8390924	A Crack Up at the Race Riots	A Crack Up at the Race Riots is a novel written by Harmony Korine, writer of such cult films as Kids and Gummo. The book was published in 1998 by Doubleday. A new edition was later published by Drag City. ==References== Category:1998 American novels Category:Novels about the Ku Klux Klan Category:1998 debut novels
8407871	A Life (play)	A Life is a bittersweet comedy by Irish playwright Hugh Leonard. The primary character is Desmond Drumm, a highly intelligent but bitterly cynical civil servant who must try to make sense of his life after learning that he has a terminal illness. A major subplot involves Drumm's feeling for Mary (once known as Mibs), the only woman he ever truly loved. Drumm alienated Mary years earlier, and she married a lazy, callow, layabout who represents everything Drumm dislikes in lower-class Irish culture. Drumm was a secondary character in Leonard's earlier Tony Award-winning play Da. ==Productions== The play had premiered at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin starring Cyril Cusack in 1979. The play opened on Broadway at the Morosco Theatre on 2 November 1980 and closed on 3 January 1981 after 64 performances and 8 previews."'A Life' Broadway" playbillvault.com, accessed September 12, 2015 Directed by Peter Coe, the cast featured Roy Dotrice as Drumm and Pat Hingle as Kearns. The play was nominated for four Tony Awards, including Best Play, Actor in a Play (Dotrice), Direction of a Play (Peter Coe), and Featured Actor in a Play (Adam Redfield). The Christian Science Monitor reviewer wrote: "'A Life' is eloquent, literate witty, and touching -- a rich and communicative theater event.... Hugh Leonard sheds fresh illumination on some of his favorite themes in this rich new character play at the Morosco Theater.... Drumm takes center stage in a work distinguished by Mr. Leonard's skillful blending of full-bodied comedy and deep-seated pathos."Beaufort, John. "Broadway's eloquent new play by the author of 'Da'" csmonitor.com, November 7, 1980 The Irish Repertory Theatre presented the play Off-Broadway in June 2001, starring Fritz Weaver as Drumm and Pauline Flanagan as Mary.Ehren, Christine. "Irish Rep Looks at Leonard's Life With Weaver, Flanagan, June 28-Aug. 12" Playbill, June 28, 2001 In regional theatre, the Northlight Theatre, Chicago, Illinois, presented the play in March to April 2010, starring John Mahoney."Northlight Theatre presents Hugh Leonard's 'A Life'" theatreinchicago.com, accessed September 12, 2015 A Life received its first London revival in over 30 years at the Finborough Theatre in October 2012. Directed by Eleanor Rhode and produced by Snapdragon Productions, the cast included Hugh Ross as Drumm and Kate Binchy as Mary.A Life finboroughtheatre.co.uk, accessed September 12, 2015 ==References== Category:1979 plays Category:Irish plays Category:Plays based on other plays
8425345	A Farewell to Kings (song)	"A Farewell to Kings" is a song by the Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It was released as the title track to their 1977 album A Farewell to Kings. A music video to the song was uploaded to YouTube in March 2018. "A Farewell to Kings" is about dealing with hypocrisy, and finding your own way by looking within yourself. ==Composition and recording== The song was composed in the key of B minor. The guitar played in the beginning of "A Farewell to Kings" was recorded outside. Frontman Geddy Lee said that "the acoustic was recorded out there to get that really crisp sound and I remember Alex was walking around this mic that Terry had set up while he was playing. He was just like a troubadour – he was playing as he walked around and, naturally, every troubadour has his guy trailing behind him playing a Minimoog!" Lee also said that the song "was quite a different piece for us, because of the way the intro’s structured, and then it comes in with a bang and there’s this weird time signature going on. It’s a tough song to play." Robert Telleria in the book Merely Players of the song: > The title is adapted from Ernest Hemingway's novel A Farewell to Arms. > Longing for a new Renaissance era (which focused on our place in the > cosmos), this revolution is more down to earth, the new world envisioned in > "2112", a timeless realm. As in "2112", the wise are again resented, and the > sacred "Halls of Truth" are the churches, courthouses, and schools. The > hypocrites are the elite: teachers, lawyers, and clergy. ==Reception== Ultimate Classic Rock ranked "A Farewell to Kings" number 4 on their list of "All 167 Rush Songs Ranked Worst to Best". AllMusic reviewer Greg Prato picked the "A Farewell to Kings" as one of the highlights on the album, and called the song's intro "a tasty classical guitar/synth passage, before erupting into a powerful rocker." Odyssey rated the song 5/5. They especially praised the song's acoustic intro, lyrics and Alex Lifeson's solo. They also ranked it the 24th best Rush song, and the second best on the album, only behind "Xanadu". ==References== Category:1977 songs Category:Rush (band) songs Category:Songs written by Geddy Lee Category:Songs written by Neil Peart Category:Songs written by Alex Lifeson
843	A Clockwork Orange (novel)	A Clockwork Orange is a dystopian satirical black comedy novel by English writer Anthony Burgess, published in 1962. It is set in a near-future society that has a youth subculture of extreme violence. The teenage protagonist, Alex, narrates his violent exploits and his experiences with state authorities intent on reforming him. The book is partially written in a Russian-influenced argot called "Nadsat", which takes its name from the Russian suffix that is equivalent to '-teen' in English. According to Burgess, it was a jeu d'esprit written in just three weeks. In 2005, A Clockwork Orange was included on Time magazine's list of the 100 best English-language novels written since 1923, and it was named by Modern Library and its readers as one of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century."100 Best Novels" . Modern Library. Retrieved 31 October 2012 The original manuscript of the book has been kept at McMaster University's William Ready Division of Archives and Research Collections in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada since the institution purchased the documents in 1971. It is considered one of the most influential dystopian books. In 2022, the novel was included on the "Big Jubilee Read" list of 70 books by Commonwealth authors selected to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee of Elizabeth II. ==Plot summary== ===Part 1: Alex's world=== Alex is a 15-year-old gang leader living in a near-future dystopian city. His friends ("droogs" in the novel's Anglo-Russian slang, "Nadsat") and fellow gang members are Dim, a slow-witted bruiser, who is the gang's muscle; Georgie, an ambitious second-in-command; and Pete, who mostly plays along as the droogs indulge their taste for "ultra-violence" (random, violent mayhem). Characterised as a sociopath and hardened juvenile delinquent, Alex is also intelligent, quick-witted, and enjoys classical music; he is particularly fond of Beethoven, whom he calls "Lovely Ludwig Van". The droogs sit in their favourite hangout, the Korova Milk Bar, drinking "milk-plus" (milk laced with the customer's drug of choice) to prepare for a night of ultra-violence. They assault a scholar walking home from the public library; rob a store, leaving the owner and his wife bloodied and unconscious; beat up a beggar; then scuffle with a rival gang. Joyriding through the countryside in a stolen car, they break into an isolated cottage and terrorise the young couple living there, beating the husband and gang-raping his wife. In a metafictional touch, the husband is a writer working on a manuscript called "A Clockwork Orange", and Alex contemptuously reads out a paragraph that states the novel's main theme before shredding the manuscript. At the Korova, Alex strikes Dim for his crude response to a woman's singing of an operatic passage, and strains within the gang become apparent. At home in his parents' flat, Alex plays classical music at top volume, which he describes as giving him orgasmic bliss before falling asleep. Alex feigns illness to his parents to stay out of school the next day. Following an unexpected visit from P.R. Deltoid, his "post- corrective adviser", Alex visits a record store, where he meets two pre-teen girls. He invites them back to the flat, where he drugs and rapes them. That night after a nap, Alex finds his droogs in a mutinous mood, waiting downstairs in the torn-up and graffitied lobby. Georgie challenges Alex for leadership of the gang, demanding that they focus on higher-value targets in their robberies. Alex quells the rebellion by slashing Dim's hand and fighting with Georgie, then soothes the gang by agreeing to Georgie's plan to rob the home of a wealthy elderly woman. Alex breaks in and knocks the woman unconscious, but when he hears sirens and opens the door to flee, Dim strikes him as revenge for the earlier fight. The gang abandons Alex on the front step to be arrested by the police; while in custody, he learns that the woman has died from her injuries. ===Part 2: The Ludovico Technique=== Alex is convicted of murder and sentenced to 14 years in prison. His parents visit one day to inform him that Georgie has been killed in a botched robbery. Two years into his term, he has obtained a job in one of the prison chapels, playing music on the stereo to accompany the Sunday Christian services. The chaplain mistakes Alex's Bible studies for stirrings of faith; in reality, Alex only reads Scripture for the violent or sexual passages. After his fellow cellmates blame him for beating a troublesome cellmate to death, he is chosen to undergo an experimental behaviour modification treatment called the Ludovico Technique in exchange for having the remainder of his sentence commuted. The technique is a form of aversion therapy in which Alex is injected with nausea-inducing drugs while watching graphically violent films, eventually conditioning him to become severely ill at the mere thought of violence. As an unintended consequence, the soundtrack to one of the films, Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, renders Alex unable to enjoy his beloved classical music as before. The technique's effectiveness is demonstrated to a group of VIPs, who watch as Alex collapses before a man who slaps him and abases himself before a scantily clad young woman. Although the prison chaplain accuses the state of stripping Alex of free will, the government officials on the scene are pleased with the results, and Alex is released from prison. ===Part 3: After prison=== Alex returns to his parents' flat, only to find that they are letting his room to a lodger. Now homeless, he wanders the streets and enters a public library, hoping to learn of a painless method for committing suicide. The old scholar whom Alex had assaulted in Part 1 finds him and beats him with the help of several friends. Two policemen come to Alex's rescue, but they turn out to be Dim and Billyboy, a former rival gang leader. They take Alex outside town, brutalize him, and abandon him there. Alex collapses at the door of an isolated cottage, realizing too late that it is the one he and his droogs invaded in Part 1. The writer, F. Alexander, still lives here, but his wife has since died of what he believes to be injuries she sustained in the rape. He does not recognize Alex but gives him shelter and questions him about the conditioning he has undergone. Alexander and his colleagues, all highly critical of the government, plan to use Alex as a symbol of state brutality and thus prevent the incumbent government from being re-elected. Alex inadvertently reveals that he was the ringleader of the home invasion; he is removed from the cottage and locked in an upper-story bedroom as a relentless barrage of classical music plays over speakers. He attempts suicide by leaping from the window. Alex wakes up in a hospital, where he is courted by government officials, anxious to counter the bad publicity created by his suicide attempt. He is informed that F. Alexander has been "put away" for Alex's protection and his own. Alex is offered a well-paying job if he agrees to side with the government once discharged. A round of tests reveals that his old violent impulses have returned, indicating that the hospital doctors have undone the effects of his conditioning. As photographers snap pictures, Alex daydreams of orgiastic violence and reflects, "I was cured all right." In the final chapter, Alex—now 18 years old and working for the nation's musical recording archives—finds himself taking less and less pleasure in acts of senseless violence, contemplating giving up crime to become a productive member of society. Yet his new gang (Len, Rick, and Bully) still take part in nightly crime sprees. After a chance encounter with Pete, who has reformed and married, Alex begins thinking of starting a family of his own while reflecting on the notion that his children could end up being just as destructive as he has been, if not more so. ==Omission of the final chapter in the US== The book has three parts, each with seven chapters. Burgess has stated that the total of 21 chapters was an intentional nod to the age of 21 being recognized as a milestone in human maturation. The 21st chapter was omitted from the editions published in the United States prior to 1986. In the introduction to the updated American text (these newer editions include the missing 21st chapter), Burgess explains that when he first brought the book to an American publisher, he was told that US audiences would never go for the final chapter, in which Alex sees the error of his ways, decides he has lost his taste for violence and resolves to turn his life around. At the American publisher's insistence, Burgess allowed their editors to cut the redeeming final chapter from the US version, so that the tale would end on a darker note, with Alex becoming his old, ultraviolent self again – an ending which the publisher insisted would be "more realistic" and appealing to a US audience. The film adaptation, directed by Stanley Kubrick, is based on the American edition of the book, and is considered to be "badly flawed" by Burgess. Kubrick called Chapter 21 "an extra chapter" and claimed that he had not read the original version until he had virtually finished the screenplay and that he had never given serious consideration to using it. In Kubrick's opinion – as in the opinion of other readers, including the original American editor – the final chapter was unconvincing and inconsistent with the book. Kubrick's stance was unusual when compared to the standard Hollywood practice of producing films with the familiar tropes of resolving moral messages and good triumphing over evil before the film's end. ==Characters== * Alex: The novel's protagonist and leader among his droogs. He often refers to himself as "Your Humble Narrator". Having coaxed two ten-year-old girls into his bedroom, Alex refers to himself as "Alexander the Large" while raping them; this was later the basis for Alex's claimed surname DeLarge in the 1971 film. * George, Georgie or Georgie Boy: Effectively Alex's greedy second-in-command. Georgie attempts to undermine Alex's status as leader of the gang and take over their gang as the new leader. He is later killed during a botched robbery while Alex is in prison. * Pete: The only one who does not take particular sides when the droogs fight among themselves. He later meets and marries a girl named Georgina, renouncing his violent ways and even losing his former (Nadsat) speech patterns. A chance encounter with Pete in the final chapter influences Alex to realise that he has grown bored with violence and recognise that human energy is better expended on creation than destruction.A Clockwork Orange Resucked . The Floating Library. Retrieved on 2013-10-31. * Dim: An idiotic and thoroughly gormless member of the gang, persistently condescended to by Alex, but respected to some extent by his droogs for his formidable fighting abilities, his weapon of choice being a length of bike chain. He later becomes a police officer, exacting his revenge on Alex for the abuse he once suffered under his command. * P. R. Deltoid: A criminal rehabilitation social worker assigned the task of keeping Alex on the straight and narrow. He seemingly has no clue about dealing with young people, and is devoid of empathy or understanding for his troublesome charge. Indeed, when Alex is arrested for murdering an old woman and then ferociously beaten by several police officers, Deltoid simply spits on him. * Prison Chaplain: The character who first questions whether it is moral to turn a violent person into a behavioural automaton who can make no choice in such matters. This is the only character who is truly concerned about Alex's welfare; he is not taken seriously by Alex, though. He is nicknamed by Alex "prison charlie" or "chaplin", a pun on Charlie Chaplin. * Billyboy: A rival of Alex's. Early on in the story, Alex and his droogs battle Billyboy and his droogs, which ends abruptly when the police arrive. Later, after Alex is released from prison, Billyboy (along with Dim, who like Billyboy has become a police officer) rescues Alex from a mob, then subsequently beats him in a location out of town. * Prison Governor: The man who decides to let Alex "choose" to be the first reformed by the Ludovico technique. * The Minister of the Interior: The government high-official who determined that the Ludovico's technique will be used to cut recidivism. He is referred to as the Inferior by Alex. * Dr Branom: A scientist, co-developer of the Ludovico technique. He appears friendly and almost paternal towards Alex at first, before forcing him into the theatre and what Alex calls the "chair of torture". * Dr Brodsky: Branom's colleague and co-developer of the Ludovico technique. He seems much more passive than Branom and says considerably less. * F. Alexander: An author who was in the process of typing his magnum opus A Clockwork Orange when Alex and his droogs broke into his house, beat him, tore up his work and then brutally gang-raped his wife, which caused her subsequent death. He is left deeply scarred by these events and when he encounters Alex two years later, he uses him as a guinea pig in a sadistic experiment intended to prove the Ludovico technique unsound. The government imprisons him afterwards. He is given the name Frank Alexander in the film. * Cat Woman: An indirectly named woman who blocks Alex's gang's entrance scheme, and threatens to shoot Alex and set her cats on him if he does not leave. After Alex breaks into her house, she fights with him, ordering her cats to join the melee, but reprimands Alex for fighting them off. She sustains a fatal blow to the head during the scuffle. She is given the name Miss Weathers in the film. ==Analysis== ===Background=== A Clockwork Orange was written in Hove, then a senescent English seaside town. Burgess had arrived back in Britain after his stint abroad to see that much had changed. A youth culture had developed, based around coffee bars, pop music and teenage gangs.A Clockwork Orange (Penguin Modern Classics) (Paperback) by Anthony Burgess, Blake Morrison xv England was gripped by fears over juvenile delinquency. Burgess stated that the novel's inspiration was his first wife Lynne's beating by a gang of drunk American servicemen stationed in England during World War II. She subsequently miscarried.Burgess, A. A Clockwork Orange, Penguin UK, 2011, introduction by Blake Morrison, page 17 : " his first wife, Lynne, was beaten, kicked and robbed in London by a gang of four GI deserters ". In its investigation of free will, the book's target is ostensibly the concept of behaviourism, pioneered by such figures as B. F. Skinner.A Clockwork Orange (Hardback) by Anthony Burgess, Will Self Burgess later stated that he wrote the book in three weeks. ===Title=== Burgess has offered several clarifications about the meaning and origin of its title: * He had overheard the phrase "as queer as a clockwork orange" in a London pub in 1945 and assumed it was a Cockney expression. In Clockwork Marmalade, an essay published in the Listener in 1972, he said that he had heard the phrase several times since that occasion. He also explained the title in response to a question from William Everson on the television programme Camera Three in 1972, "Well, the title has a very different meaning but only to a particular generation of London Cockneys. It's a phrase which I heard many years ago and so fell in love with, I wanted to use it, the title of the book. But the phrase itself I did not make up. The phrase "as queer as a clockwork orange" is good old East London slang and it didn't seem to me necessary to explain it. Now, obviously, I have to give it an extra meaning. I've implied an extra dimension. I've implied the junction of the organic, the lively, the sweet – in other words, life, the orange – and the mechanical, the cold, the disciplined. I've brought them together in this kind of oxymoron, this sour-sweet word."An examination of Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange Camera Three: Creative Arts Television, 2010-08-04. (Video)Clockwork Orange: A review with William Everson . Retrieved: 2012-03-11. No other record of the expression being used before 1962 has ever appeared, with Kingsley Amis going so far as to note in his Memoirs (1991) that no trace of it appears in Eric Partridge's Dictionary of Historical Slang. However, saying "as queer as ..." followed by an improbable object: "... a clockwork orange", or "... a four-speed walking stick" or "... a left- handed corkscrew" etc. predates Burgess's novel. An early example, "as queer as Dick's hatband", appeared in 1796, and was alluded to in 1757. * His second explanation was that it was a pun on the Malay word orang, meaning "man". The novella contains no other Malay words or links. * In a prefatory note to A Clockwork Orange: A Play with Music, he wrote that the title was a metaphor for "an organic entity, full of juice and sweetness and agreeable odour, being turned into a mechanism". * In his essay Clockwork Oranges, Burgess asserts that "this title would be appropriate for a story about the application of Pavlovian or mechanical laws to an organism which, like a fruit, was capable of colour and sweetness". * While addressing the reader in a letter before some editions of the book, the author says that when a man ceases to have free will, they are no longer a man. "Just a clockwork orange", a shiny, appealing object, but "just a toy to be wound-up by either God or the Devil, or (what is increasingly replacing both) the State." This title alludes to the protagonist's negative emotional responses to feelings of evil which prevent the exercise of his free will subsequent to the administration of the Ludovico Technique. To induce this conditioning, Alex is forced to watch scenes of violence on a screen that are systematically paired with negative physical stimulation. The negative physical stimulation takes the form of nausea and "feelings of terror", which are caused by an emetic medicine administered just before the presentation of the films. In its original drafts, Burgess used the working title 'The Ludovico Technique,' as he himself described in the foreword in the April 1995 publication. Along with removing the 21st chapter as insisted by his publisher in the original 1962 edition, he would also change the finished product's name to its current title. ===Use of slang=== The book, narrated by Alex, contains many words in a slang argot which Burgess invented for the book, called Nadsat. It is a mix of modified Slavic words, Cockney rhyming slang and derived Russian (like baboochka). For instance, these terms have the following meanings in Nadsat: droog (друг) = friend; moloko (молоко) = milk; gulliver (голова) = head; malchick (мальчик) or malchickiwick = boy; soomka (сумка) = sack or bag; Bog (Бог) = God; horrorshow (хорошо) = good; prestoopnick (преступник) = criminal; rooker (рука) = hand; cal (кал) = crap; veck (человек) = man or guy; litso (лицо) = face; malenky (маленький) = little; and so on. Some words Burgess invented himself or just adapted from pre-existing languages. Compare Polari. One of Alex's doctors explains the language to a colleague as "odd bits of old rhyming slang; a bit of gypsy talk, too. But most of the roots are Slav propaganda. Subliminal penetration." Some words are not derived from anything, but merely easy to guess, e.g. "in-out, in-out" or "the old in-out" means sexual intercourse. Cutter, however, means "money", because "cutter" rhymes with "bread-and- butter"; this is rhyming slang, which is intended to be impenetrable to outsiders (especially eavesdropping policemen). Additionally, slang like appypolly loggy ("apology") seems to derive from school boy slang. This reflects Alex's age of 15. In the first edition of the book, no key was provided, and the reader was left to interpret the meaning from the context. In his appendix to the restored edition, Burgess explained that the slang would keep the book from seeming dated, and served to muffle "the raw response of pornography" from the acts of violence. The term "ultraviolence", referring to excessive or unjustified violence, was coined by Burgess in the book, which includes the phrase "do the ultra-violent". The term's association with aesthetic violence has led to its use in the media. ===Banning and censorship history in the US=== In 1976, A Clockwork Orange was removed from an Aurora, Colorado high school because of "objectionable language". A year later in 1977 it was removed from high school classrooms in Westport, Massachusetts over similar concerns with "objectionable" language. In 1982, it was removed from two Anniston, Alabama libraries, later to be reinstated on a restricted basis. Also, in 1973 a bookseller was arrested for selling the novel. The charges were later dropped. However, each of these instances came after the release of Stanley Kubrick's popular 1971 film adaptation of A Clockwork Orange, itself the subject of much controversy. ==Reception== ===Initial response=== The Sunday Telegraph review was positive, and described the book as "entertaining ... even profound".Chitty, Susan. "Is That the Lot?" Sunday Telegraph, 13 May 1962, p. 9. Kingsley Amis in The Observer acclaimed the novel as "cheerful horror", writing "Mr Burgess has written a fine farrago of outrageousness, one which incidentally suggests a view of juvenile violence I can't remember having met before".Amis, Kingsley From the Observer archive, 13 May 1962: A Clockwork Orange reviewed The Guardian Malcolm Bradbury wrote "All of Mr Burgess's powers as a comic writer, which are considerable, have gone into the rich language of his inverted Utopia. If you can stomach the horrors, you'll enjoy the manner". Roald Dahl called it "a terrifying and marvellous book". Many reviewers praised the inventiveness of the language, but expressed unease at the violent subject matter. The Spectator praised Burgess's "extraordinary technical feat" but was uncomfortable with "a certain arbitrariness about the plot which is slightly irritating". New Statesman acclaimed Burgess for addressing "acutely and savagely the tendencies of our time" but called the book "a great strain to read". The Sunday Times review was negative, and described the book as "a very ordinary, brutal and psychologically shallow story".Brooks, Jeremy. "A Bedsitter in Dublin". Sunday Times, 13 May 1962, p. 32. The Times also reviewed the book negatively, describing it as "a somewhat clumsy experiment with science fiction [with] clumsy cliches about juvenile delinquency"."New Fiction". Times, 17 May 1962, p. 16. The violence was criticised as "unconvincing in detail". ===Writer's appraisal=== right|thumb|Burgess in 1986 Burgess dismissed A Clockwork Orange as "too didactic to be artistic".A Clockwork Orange (Penguin Modern Classics) (Paperback) by Anthony Burgess, Blake Morrison xxii He said that the violent content of the novel "nauseated" him.Calder,, John Mackenzie, and Anthony Burgess. "Ugh". The Times Literary Supplement, 2 January 1964, p. 9. In 1985, Burgess published Flame into Being: The Life and Work of D. H. Lawrence and while discussing Lady Chatterley's Lover in his biography, Burgess compared the notoriety of D. H. Lawrence's novel with A Clockwork Orange: "We all suffer from the popular desire to make the known notorious. The book I am best known for, or only known for, is a novel I am prepared to repudiate: written a quarter of a century ago, a jeu d'esprit knocked off for money in three weeks, it became known as the raw material for a film which seemed to glorify sex and violence. The film made it easy for readers of the book to misunderstand what it was about, and the misunderstanding will pursue me until I die. I should not have written the book because of this danger of misinterpretation, and the same may be said of Lawrence and Lady Chatterley's Lover."Flame into Being: The Life and Work of D. H. Lawrence (Heinemann, London 1985) Anthony Burgess, p 205 ===Awards and nominations and rankings=== * 1983 – Prometheus Award (Preliminary Nominee) * 1999 – Prometheus Award (Nomination) * 2002 – Prometheus Award (Nomination) * 2003 – Prometheus Award (Nomination) * 2006 – Prometheus Award (Nomination) * 2008 – Prometheus Award (Hall of Fame Award) A Clockwork Orange was chosen by Time magazine as one of the 100 best English- language books from 1923 to 2005. ==Adaptations== A 1965 film by Andy Warhol entitled Vinyl was an adaptation of Burgess's novel. The best known adaptation of the novella is the 1971 film A Clockwork Orange by Stanley Kubrick, featuring Malcolm McDowell as Alex. In 1987, Burgess published a stage play titled A Clockwork Orange: A Play with Music. The play includes songs, written by Burgess, which are inspired by Beethoven and Nadsat slang. A manga anthology by Osamu Tezuka entitled Tokeijikake no Ringo (Clockwork Apple) was released in 1983. In 1988, a German adaptation of A Clockwork Orange at the intimate theatre of Bad Godesberg featured a musical score by the German punk rock band Die Toten Hosen which, combined with orchestral clips of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony and "other dirty melodies" (so stated by the subtitle), was released on the album Ein kleines bisschen Horrorschau. The track Hier kommt Alex became one of the band's signature songs. In February 1990, another musical version was produced at the Barbican Theatre in London by the Royal Shakespeare Company. Titled A Clockwork Orange: 2004, it received mostly negative reviews, with John Peter of The Sunday Times of London calling it "only an intellectual Rocky Horror Show", and John Gross of The Sunday Telegraph calling it "a clockwork lemon". Even Burgess himself, who wrote the script based on his novel, was disappointed. According to The Evening Standard, he called the score, written by Bono and The Edge of the rock group U2, "neo-wallpaper". Burgess had originally worked alongside the director of the production, Ron Daniels, and envisioned a musical score that was entirely classical. Unhappy with the decision to abandon that score, he heavily criticised the band's experimental mix of hip hop, liturgical, and gothic music. Lise Hand of The Irish Independent reported The Edge as saying that Burgess's original conception was "a score written by a novelist rather than a songwriter". Calling it "meaningless glitz", Jane Edwardes of 20/20 magazine said that watching this production was "like being invited to an expensive French Restaurant – and being served with a Big Mac." In 1994, Chicago's Steppenwolf Theater put on a production of A Clockwork Orange directed by Terry Kinney. The American premiere of novelist Anthony Burgess's own adaptation of his A Clockwork Orange starred K. Todd Freeman as Alex. In 2001, UNI Theatre (Mississauga, Ontario) presented the Canadian premiere of the play under the direction of Terry Costa. In 2002, Godlight Theatre Company presented the New York Premiere adaptation of A Clockwork Orange at Manhattan Theatre Source. The production went on to play at the SoHo Playhouse (2002), Ensemble Studio Theatre (2004), 59E59 Theaters (2005) and the Edinburgh Festival Fringe (2005). While at Edinburgh, the production received rave reviews from the press while playing to sold-out audiences. The production was directed by Godlight's artistic director, Joe Tantalo. In 2003, Los Angeles director Brad Mays and the ARK Theatre Company staged a multi-media adaptation of A Clockwork Orange, which was named "Pick of the Week" by the LA Weekly and nominated for three of the 2004 LA Weekly Theater Awards: Direction, Revival Production (of a 20th-century work), and Leading Female Performance. Vanessa Claire Smith won Best Actress for her gender-bending portrayal of Alex, the music-loving teenage sociopath. This production utilised three separate video streams outputted to seven onstage video monitors – six 19-inch and one 40-inch. In order to preserve the first-person narrative of the book, a pre- recorded video stream of Alex, "your humble narrator", was projected onto the 40-inch monitor, thereby freeing the onstage character during passages which would have been awkward or impossible to sustain in the breaking of the fourth wall. An adaptation of the work, based on the original novel, the film and Burgess's own stage version, was performed by the SiLo Theatre in Auckland, New Zealand in early 2007. In 2021, the International Anthony Burgess Foundation premiered a webpage cataloging various productions of A Clockwork Orange from around the world. ==Release details== * 1962, UK, William Heinemann (ISBN ?), December 1962, Hardcover * 1962, US, W. W. Norton & Co Ltd (ISBN ?), 1962, Hardcover * 1963, US, W. W. Norton & Co Ltd (), 1963, Paperback * 1965, US, Ballantine Books (), 1965, Paperback * 1969, US, Ballantine Books (ISBN ?), 1969, Paperback * 1971, US, Ballantine Books (), 1971, Paperback, Movie released * 1972, UK, Lorrimer, (), 11 September 1972, Hardcover * 1972, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 25 January 1973, Paperback * 1973, US, Caedmon Records, 1973, Vinyl LP (First 4 chapters read by Anthony Burgess) * 1977, US, Ballantine Books (), 12 September 1977, Paperback * 1979, US, Ballantine Books (), April 1979, Paperback * 1983, US, Ballantine Books (), 12 July 1983, Unbound * 1986, US, W. W. Norton & Company (), November 1986, Paperback (Adds final chapter not previously available in U.S. versions) * 1987, UK, W. W. Norton & Co Ltd (), July 1987, Hardcover * 1988, US, Ballantine Books (), March 1988, Paperback * 1995, UK, W. W. Norton & Co Ltd (), June 1995, Paperback * 1996, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 25 April 1996, Paperback * 1996, UK, HarperAudio (), September 1996, Audio Cassette * 1997, UK, Heyne Verlag (), 31 January 1997, Paperback * 1998, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 3 September 1998, Paperback * 1999, UK, Rebound by Sagebrush (), October 1999, Library Binding * 2000, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 24 February 2000, Paperback * 2000, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 2 March 2000, Paperback * 2000, UK, Turtleback Books (), November 2000, Hardback * 2001, UK, Penguin Books Ltd (), 27 September 2001, Paperback * 2002, UK, Thorndike Press (), October 2002, Hardback * 2005, UK, Buccaneer Books (), 29 January 2005, Library Binding * 2010, Greece, Anubis Publications (), 2010, Paperback (Adds final chapter not previously available in Greek versions) * 2012, US, W. W. Norton & Company () 22 October 2012, Hardback (50th Anniversary Edition), revised text version. Andrew Biswell, PhD, director of the International Burgess Foundation, has taken a close look at the three varying published editions alongside the original typescript to recreate the novel as Anthony Burgess envisioned it. ==See also== * Classical conditioning * List of cultural references to A Clockwork Orange * List of stories set in a future now past * MKUltra * Violence in art ==References== ==Further reading== * A Clockwork Orange: A Play With Music. Century Hutchinson Ltd. (1987). An extract is quoted on several web sites: Anthony Burgess from A Clockwork Orange: A Play With Music (Century Hutchinson Ltd, 1987), , A Clockwork Orange - From A Clockwork Orange: A Play With Music * Burgess, Anthony (1978). "Clockwork Oranges". In 1985. London: Hutchinson. (extracts quoted here) * * ==External links== * * A Clockwork Orange at SparkNotes * A Clockwork Orange at Literapedia * A Clockwork Orange (1962) |Last chapter |Anthony Burgess (1917–1993) ;Comparisons with the Kubrick film adaptation * Dalrymple, Theodore. "A Prophetic and Violent Masterpiece", City Journal * Giola, Ted. "A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess" at Conceptual Fiction * Priestley, Brenton. "Of Clockwork Apples and Oranges: Burgess and Kubrick (2002)" Novel Category:Books written in fictional dialects Category:British novellas Category:British novels adapted into films Category:British novels adapted into plays Category:British philosophical novels Category:British science fiction novels Category:Censored books Category:Crime novels Category:Dystopian novels Category:English-language novels Category:Fiction about mind control Category:Fiction with unreliable narrators Category:Gang rape in fiction Category:Heinemann (publisher) books Category:Metafictional novels Category:Novels about music Category:Novels about rape Category:Novels by Anthony Burgess Category:Novels set in London Category:Obscenity controversies in literature Category:Science fiction novels adapted into films Category:1962 British novels Category:1962 science fiction novels
8450995	A House to Let	thumb|right|The four authors (clockwise from top left): Dickens, Collins, Procter and Gaskell. "A House to Let" is a short story by Charles Dickens, Wilkie Collins, Elizabeth Gaskell and Adelaide Anne Procter. It was originally published in 1858 in the Christmas edition of Dickens's Household Words magazine. Collins wrote the introduction and collaborated with Dickens on the second story and ending, while Gaskell and Proctor wrote the remainder. ==Overview== "A House to Let" was the first collaboration between the four writers, although Collins and Dickens had worked with Procter on previous Christmas stories for the magazine in 1854, 1855, and 1856. The four authors would write together again in 1859's "The Haunted House" which appeared in the extra Christmas number of All the Year Round, the successor to Household Words which Dickens had started after a dispute with his publishers. In a letter to Collins from 6 September 1858, Dickens outlined his idea for a Christmas story. He originally envisaged the story being written by himself and Collins with his plot outline fleshed out by Collins, but was later to invite Gaskell and Procter to contribute chapters. Dickens and Collins wrote the first chapter, "Over the Way", and the last chapter "Let at Last" together, and each of the writers wrote one of the intervening chapters: Gaskell "The Manchester Marriage", Dickens "Going into Society", Procter "Three Evenings in the House" and Collins "Trottle's Report". The plot concerns an elderly woman, Sophonisba, who notices signs of life in a supposedly empty dilapidated house (the eponymous "House to Let") opposite her own and employs the efforts of an elderly admirer, Jabez Jarber, and her servant, Trottle, to discover what is happening within. ==Adaptations== A dramatisation of "A House to Let" was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 during the week of 11–15 December 2006. It was repeated on BBC Radio 4 Extra during the week 26–30 December 2011, again in December 2014 and again during the week 19–23 December 2016. A further repeat on BBC Radio 4 Extra was in December 2018. ==Notes== ==References== * * ==External links== * * Category:1858 short stories Category:Christmas short stories Category:Collaborative short stories Category:Short stories by Charles Dickens Category:Short stories by Elizabeth Gaskell Category:Short stories by Wilkie Collins Category:Works originally published in Household Words
8468715	A Christmas Carol (1997 film)	A Christmas Carol is a 1997 American animated musical film version of the 1843 novella of the same name by Charles Dickens produced by DIC Productions, L.P. and distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. It features eight original songs and stars the voice talents of Tim Curry, Whoopi Goldberg, Ed Asner, and Michael York. The film also features additional material such as Scrooge's pet bulldog, Debit. The film is nowadays a property of WildBrain, which holds the rights to the DIC Movie Toons, as well as most of DIC's library. Songs for the film were written by Megan Cavallari and David Goldsmith. The score was written by Megan Cavallari and John Campbell. ==Cast== * Tim Curry as Ebenezer Scrooge * Whoopi Goldberg as Ghost of Christmas Present * Michael York as Bob Cratchit * Ed Asner as Jacob Marley's Ghost * Frank Welker as Debit * Kath Soucie as Mrs. Cratchit, Ghost of Christmas Past and Fan * Jodi Benson as Belle * Sam Saletta as Boy Scrooge * Jarrad Kritzstein as Tiny Tim * Additional voices: John Garry, Amick Byram, Ian Whitcomb, Joe Lala, David Wagner, Bettina Bush, Jerry Houser, Sam Saletta, Alan Shearman, Jarrad Kritzstein, Cathy Riso, Sidney Miller, Kelly Lester, Anna Mathias and Judy Ovitz ==Production== The animation was produced overseas by Han Yang Productions. ==Release== The film was released on Nickelodeon on December 8, 2002, as part of the Nickelodeon Sunday Movie Toons. It was released on DVD by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment on October 12, 2004. This release lacks bonus material, as well as a main menu. ===Reception=== Reviews for the film have been mixed to negative. Colin Jacobson of DVD Movie Guide criticized the film for its "barely living up to Saturday morning standards" animation, lack of subtlety as for its morals, its "forgettable" songs, and the inclusion of Debit, making Scrooge's later transformation "less impressive and surprising". Some of the "notable" voice cast members were also noted for their "really poor" work. Daniel W. Kelly of DVD Talk also panned the film's new material put to "attract the attention of children", as well as the animation and the songs, the latter of which were compared with the ones in Mr. Magoo's Christmas Carol. Scott G. Mignola of Common Sense Media was also thoroughly critical of the film in his review. ==See also== * List of Christmas films * List of ghost films * Adaptations of A Christmas Carol * List of animated feature-length films ==References== ==External links== * Category:1997 direct-to-video films Category:1990s musical drama films Category:American musical drama films Category:1997 animated films Category:Films based on A Christmas Carol Category:1997 fantasy films Category:1997 films Category:Films based on British novels Category:Films with screenplays by Jymn Magon Category:20th Century Fox animated films Category:American Christmas films Category:American children's animated fantasy films Category:American direct-to-video films Category:American children's animated musical films Category:DIC Entertainment films Category:20th Century Fox direct-to-video films Category:Animated films based on novels Category:1990s American animated films Category:Animated Christmas films Category:1990s Christmas films Category:1990s musical films Category:1997 drama films Category:1990s children's animated films Category:1990s English-language films Category:1990s French films
8484849	A Hole in the Wall (1982 film)	A Hole in the Wall () is a 1982 Argentine film directed by David José Kohon. It is loosely inspired in Faust and fictionalizes the era of the Argentine dictatorship.Cine bajo tijerasBlog sobre El agujero en la pared == Cast == * Alfredo Alcón * Mario Alarcón * María Noel * Walter Santa Ana * Virginia Romay * David Tonelli * Juan Carlos Chávez * Ingrid Pelicori * Manuel Callau * Luis Linares * Oscar Roy ==References== ==External links== * Category:Argentine comedy-drama films Category:1982 films Category:1980s Spanish-language films Category:1982 comedy-drama films Category:Films directed by David José Kohon Category:National Reorganization Process Category:1980s Argentine films
8485960	A Different Loyalty	A Different Loyalty is a 2004 drama film inspired by the story of British traitor Kim Philby's love affair and marriage to Eleanor Brewer in Beirut and his eventual defection to the Soviet Union. The story takes place in the 1960s and stars Sharon Stone and Rupert Everett. In the film, the characters have fictitious names. The film was entered into the 26th Moscow International Film Festival. Though not credited, the story is based on Eleanor Brewer Philby's 1967 book Kim Philby: The Spy I Loved, published in 1967. The screenplay was written by Jim Piddock. It was a Canada/UK/United States co-production. A Different Loyalty was not released theatrically in the United States. ==Cast== ==References== ==External links== * * * Preview Category:2004 films Category:2004 drama films Category:English-language Canadian films Category:2000s English-language films Category:2000s Russian-language films Category:British drama films Category:British spy films Category:Canadian drama films Category:Canadian spy films Category:Films directed by Marek Kanievska Category:Films scored by Normand Corbeil Category:Films à clef Category:Cold War spy films Category:Spy films based on actual events Category:2000s Canadian films Category:2000s British films
851866	A Fistful of TOWs	thumb|right|Cover of 3rd edition, 2011 A Fistful of TOWs, often abbreviated FFT, is a series of modern warfare miniatures wargame rules first published in 2000. The first edition was self-published, subsequent editions were published by Fistful of Games. ==Description== A Fistful of TOWs – TOW stands for "tube- launched, optically tracked, wireless-guided missiles" — is a set of rules designed for wargames with 6 mm miniatures at a scale of either 1" = 100 metres or 1 cm = 100 metres. The rules for modern combat have specifically been designed to provide relatively fast play. Unlike boxed set wargames like Panzergruppe Guderian or War in Europe that include a map, counters and set of rules focussed on a particular conflict or series of conflicts, FFT is not designed for specific battles or conflicts. Instead the generic rules outline how combat and movement happen in any scenario — including airborne and amphibious assaults, airstrikes, and chemical weapons — and provide statistics on various army units, vehicles, tanks, and aircraft as well as army lists so that players can design their own scenarios for any modern conflict. The much- expanded third edition includes 96 pages of army lists including: *World War II lists for German, American, British, French, and Polish units. * American army from the Korean War to present * Russian Army from 1970-2015 * most NATO armies in the 1980s-1990s * Arab-Israeli units involved in the Six-Day War and the Yom Kippur War * Australian units 1966-2015 * North Vietnam/Vietcong during American involvement in the Vietnam War from 1964 to 1973 In addition to core and supplemental rules, the third edition also includes 128 pages of data for armaments, armored vehicles, artillery, and aircraft from the First World War to the present. This gives players the ability to design scenarios for almost any historical global conflict of the twentieth century. These rules have become popular for designing modern conflict scenarios in time- limited settings such as wargaming conventions. FFT has also been used by Rand Corporation in developing modern wargaming concepts for the U.S. Department of Defense. ===Gameplay=== Each turn, which covers 5–7 minutes of game time, uses an "I Go, You Go" (IGOUGO) format where one player moves and fires, then the other player has the same opportunities. ===Movement=== Each unit can either move normally or strategically (double movement). A unit that moves strategically cannot participate in combat during the rest of that turn, and defensively is more vulnerable. ===Combat=== For ranged combat, the active player chooses a target at which to fire, and rolls a number of six-sided dice equal to the Rate of Fire of the attacking unit. The die roll required is equal to the range rating of the attacker's weapon. Depending on terrain, the target may get a saving throw to negate the attack. During close combat, the same rules are used, but the defender fires first. If the attacker survives, the attacker returns fire. This continues until either the attacker or defender has been destroyed. ==Publication history== In the late 1990s, Ty Beard became frustrated with slow-moving wargames. After a particularly trying session of Combined Arms — a miniatures wargame published by Games Designers Workshop — in which only four turns were completed in 8 hours, Beard decided to design a streamlined system to produce faster-moving games. The result was a set of rules for modern combat titled A Fistful of TOWs, a coil-bound paperback self-published in 2000 written by Beard with contributions by Dave Burnett, Paul Minson, and Bob Mackenzie. In 2010, Fistful of Games released a second edition of the rules, a 204-page coil-bound softcover book written by Ty Beard that expanded the timeline of the rules back as far as 1946. In 2011, Fistful of Games released a greatly-expanded 458-page third edition written by Ty Beard and Paul Minson that expanded the timeline back to 1915. Future planned additions to the series are FFT:2030, covering the hypothetical wars of the mid-21st century, and Railgun: 2100, covering science fiction armored combat. ==Reception== Mark Severin thought that despite the length of the second edition, the rules were "easy to read and very well presented." He also liked the executive summary included with each chapter and the detailed table of contents. In 2020, researchers at Rand Corporation looked for a commercial wargame that would serve their combat simulation research purposes and wrote that "Ground combat experts on the research team determined that FFT3 represented ground combat at the required level of granularity to allow our research team to simulate [remotely operated] and fully autonomous combat vehicles." The authors concluded that they were able to obtain the research results they needed using FFT3, saying, "Using the FFT3 commercial wargame as a basis, the researchers demonstrated how postulated [artificial intelligence and machine learning] capabilities could be incorporated into a tactical ground combat wargame." ==References== ==External links== *A Fistful of TOWs Blog *A Fistful of TOWs at BoardGameGeek Category:Wargame rule sets
8543798	A Few Days in September	A Few Days in September (Quelques jours en septembre) is the first film directed by Santiago Amigorena. The film premiered out of competition at the 2006 Venice Film Festival and received a special screening at the 2006 Toronto Film Festival. ==Plot== A Few Days in September imagines a scenario in which an American C.I.A. agent, Elliot, with advance intelligence about the attacks on New York's World Trade Center towers is being chased by an assassin, William Pound, while he is trying to reunite with his two grown up children with the help of an old colleague, Irène. ==Cast== *Juliette Binoche as Irène *John Turturro as William Pound *Sara Forestier as Orlando *Tom Riley as David *Nick Nolte as Elliot ==Home media== Koch-Lorber Films released the film on DVD in the US in 2007.KOCH LORBER Films Fledgling distributor Transmedia Pictures gave the film a limited release in the United Kingdom and Ireland, releasing the film on 14 September 2007. It was released on DVD in the UK by High Fliers Films in September 2009. Aztec International released the film in Australia, licensing the DVD rights to Madman Films. ==Alternative versions== In September 2007 French language television station TV5 broadcast a reduced version of the film, running at 90 minutes—22 minutes shorter than the original French theatrical version. This version begins on September 6, 2001, when Irène brings Orlando and David to her apartment, removing the opening scene on Orlando's farm and the aborted hotel meeting with Elliot. As such it removes September 5 from the narrative. The version of the film was released in Portugal in November 2006 had a slightly longer running time; A number of extra scenes were included in this version at producer Paolo Branco's request. This version opens with Irène in her apartment receiving a letter from Elliot. It also includes scenes of Orlando target practicing on her farm and of Irène and William Pound sitting in his truck reminiscing on their shared history. ==Reception== Reviews of the film were mixed to negative, with Rotten Tomatoes giving the film a 44% rating. ==References== ==External links== * * * BBC David Mattin, 6 September 2007 * The Hollywood Reporter Ray Bennett, September 1, 2006 * Filmcritic.com Christopher Null Category:2006 films Category:French multilingual films Category:Italian multilingual films Category:2000s French- language films Category:2006 drama films Category:Films about terrorism in Europe Category:Films based on the September 11 attacks Category:Films produced by Paulo Branco Category:Films set in Venice Category:2006 directorial debut films Category:2000s English-language films Category:English-language French films Category:English-language Italian films
8563962	A Capital Federal	A Capital Federal is an operetta whose text was written by Brazilian writer Artur Azevedo. It was first published in 1897, the same year of its premiere. Besides being Azevedo's most popular play, it is perhaps the most popular Brazilian play ever and was also the first to be performed outside Brazil. In the operetta, a country landowner and his family arrive in Rio de Janeiro in search of the daughter's fiancé, Gouveia. They are overwhelmed by the city's chaos, its sexual temptations, and its then-current affectation for French culture, and taken advantage of by city residents such as Lola, the Spanish courtesan, and Figueiredo, the procurer. At the end, the family finds Gouveia and returns to their home in Minas Gerais, and the landowner realizes that Brazil's prosperity comes from the honest labor to be found in the country, rather than from city life and frivolity. In 1923, it was made into a film, directed by Luiz de Barros. ==References== ==External links== * A Capital Federal, the book Category:1897 plays Category:Operettas Category:Portuguese- language operas Category:Brazilian silent films Category:Brazilian plays Category:Brazilian plays adapted into films Category:Comedy plays Category:Operas set in Brazil
8605635	A Christmas Story House	A Christmas Story House is an attraction and museum in the Tremont neighborhood of Cleveland, Ohio. The 19th-century Victorian, which was used in the exterior and some interior scenes of Ralphie Parker's house in the 1983 film A Christmas Story, was purchased by a private developer in 2004 and has been restored and renovated to appear as it did in the film both inside and outside. The museum is part of a complex of four buildings devoted to the film and is open to the public year round. == History == === Production === The screenplay for A Christmas Story is based on material from author Jean Shepherd's collection of short stories, In God We Trust, All Others Pay Cash. The house that appears in the film is located at 3159 W 11th Street, Cleveland, Ohio. For the film adaptation of these stories, director Bob Clark reportedly sent scouts to twenty cities before selecting Cleveland for exterior filming. Cleveland was chosen because of Higbee's Department Store. Vice-president Bruce Campbell took on the project hoping to get a boost in sales from the attention the filming would create. Higbee's is ultimately featured in three scenes in the film. Appropriately, the fictional boyhood home of Ralphie Parker is on Cleveland Street, the name of the actual street where Shepherd grew up. The exterior shots and some interior shots of the house and neighborhood where Ralphie lives were filmed in the Tremont section of Cleveland's West Side. Producers chose the home because of its proximity to downtown and it bordered the Cuyahoga River Valley offering views of the steel mills in the valley. The 2022 sequel A Christmas Story Christmas was filmed in Eastern Europe and thus replicas of the house and others in the neighborhood were constructed there for filming. The current owners of the building declined access to the production to scan the house and surrounding neighborhood for reference purposes. === Restoration and reconfiguration === In December 2004, Brian Jones, a San Diego entrepreneur and fan of the film since childhood, bought the house on eBay for $150,000. Jones used revenue from his business, the Red Rider Leg Lamp Company, which manufactures replicas of the "major award" Ralphie's father won in the film, for the down payment. The previous owners had reconfigured the house, installing modern windows and covering the original wood siding with blue vinyl. Watching the movie frame by frame, Jones drew detailed plans of the interiors, which had originally been filmed on a Toronto sound stage, and spent $240,000 to gut the structure, reconfigure it to a single-family dwelling, transform it into a near-replica of the movie set, and restore the exterior to its appearance in the film. ==== A Christmas Story House Museum ==== thumb|Randy's snowsuit Jones also purchased the house across the street from the Christmas Story House and converted it into A Christmas Story House Museum, which contains some of the props from the film, including Randy's snow suit, the Higbee's window toys, the chalk board from Miss Shields classroom, hundreds of behind-the-scenes photos, as well as one of the custom-built Daisy Red Ryder BB guns that was used in the filming. In addition, the house to the left of the museum features a gift shop with movie memorabilia and souvenirs. The house and museum opened to the public on November 25, 2006, with original cast members attending the grand opening, and the site drew 4,300 visitors during its opening weekend. The house is open for tours daily; both the house and the Bumpus house next door, renovated in 2018, are available for overnight stays. In November 2022, Jones announced that the entire complex was being put up for sale. ==References== ==External links== * * Red Rider Leg Lamps * A Christmas Story House Photo Gallery * Category:Christmas in the United States Category:Houses in Cleveland Category:Museums in Cleveland Category:Mass media museums in the United States Category:Museums established in 2006 Category:Historic house museums in Ohio Category:2006 establishments in Ohio Category:Houses completed in 1895 Category:Tremont, Cleveland Category:Parker Family Saga Category:A Christmas Story
8649046	A Constipated Monkey	A Constipated Monkey is the debut studio album by American rapper Kurious from Harlem. It was released on January 18, 1994 through Hoppoh Recordings/Columbia Records/Sony Music Entertainment. Recording sessions took place in New York at Chung King Studios, Rampant Recording Studio and LGK Studios. Production was handled by The Beatnuts, Stimulated Dummies, Pete Nice and DJ Richie Rich of 3rd Bass, and Bosco Money of Downtown Science. It features guest appearances from Casual, MF Grimm, Psycho Les, Kadi and The Omen. The album peaked at #68 on the Top R&B;/Hip-Hop Albums and #31 on the Heatseekers Albums in the United States. A Constipated Monkey produced three singles: "Walk Like a Duck", "Uptown Shit" and "I'm Kurious". ==Track listing== * Production for "Fresh Out the Box" was mistakenly credited to The Beatnuts. Both the writing credits and comments by Dante Ross show that it was produced by the Stimulated Dummies. ==Charts== Chart (1994) Peak position scope="row" scope="row" ==References== ==External links== * Category:1994 debut albums Category:Kurious albums Category:Columbia Records albums Category:Albums produced by the Beatnuts Category:Albums produced by Dante Ross Category:Albums produced by John Gamble (record producer) Category:Albums recorded at Chung King Studios
867420	A Burnt-Out Case	A Burnt-Out Case (1960) is a novel by English author Graham Greene, set in a leper colony on the upper reaches of a tributary of the Congo River in Africa. ==Plot summary== Querry, a famous architect who is fed up with his celebrity, no longer finds meaning in art or pleasure in life. Arriving anonymously in the late 1950s at a Congo leper colony overseen by Catholic missionaries, Rozenberg Quarterly, December 2013. he is diagnosed – by Dr Colin, the resident doctor who is himself an atheist – as the mental equivalent of a 'burnt-out case': a leper who has gone through the stages of mutilation. However, as Querry loses himself in working for the lepers, his disease of mind slowly approaches a cure. Querry meets Rycker, a palm-oil plantation owner, and a man of apparently earnest Catholic faith who does not accept his own nothingness and tries to amplify the relevance of Querry's presence in that country. Rycker's wife, a young and ill-educated woman, is absolutely bored with his prudishness and her own lack of freedom. It is revealed that Querry is a famous architect, known throughout the world for his design and construction of churches – which he himself believes have been defiled by the religious occupants. Querry is persuaded to design and oversee a new building for the hospital. An English journalist called Parkinson arrives at the village with the intention of writing a series of articles, to be syndicated in many European and North American newspapers, on the subject of Querry's perceived 'saintly' activities in the village, including a story of Querry rescuing his servant – an African mutilated by leprosy- who became lost in the jungle. However Parkinson also brings up Querry's past not only as an architect but also as a womaniser. It is revealed that Querry's former lover committed suicide, thus prompting his journey to the village (however his journey was not the result of feelings of guilt or grief, but rather the incident acted to magnify his growing loss of faith and vocation.) When the first article is published and received at the village, Querry becomes angered by his portrayal, not only by Parkinson, but by Rycker whom Parkinson interviewed for the story. Querry travels to the provincial capital and on the way calls in to confront Rycker. Querry learns that Rycker's wife fears that she is pregnant and that her husband does not want a child (despite having refused contraception and having effectively forced her into sex numerous times). She tells Querry to ask Rycker for permission to travel to the capital Luc to see a doctor. Following a confrontation between Querry and Rycker, Querry leaves for Luc and takes with him Mrs. Rycker so she may visit the doctor, however neither of the two inform Rycker of her departure. Querry never becomes physically intimate with her. In Luc, Querry and Mrs. Rycker take rooms at the hotel. However, before going to sleep, Querry suspects that Mrs. Rycker is crying in the next room. When he investigates she informs him that she was actually laughing at the novel she is reading – one that would be banned at her home with the pious Rycker – and the two share a bottle of whisky. As Mrs. Rycker is going to sleep, Querry tells her a story which closely parallels his story: a man losing both faith and vocation. The following morning Parkinson informs Querry that Rycker has arrived in Luc in pursuit of his wife and, upon discovering his wife's diary with an entry stating "Spent the night with Q", Rycker accuses Querry of having an affair. Querry, after briefly meeting Mrs. Rycker and learning that she is pregnant with Rycker's child, leaves Luc and returns to the village, where the construction of the hospital is nearing completion. Days later Mrs. Rycker arrives at the convent near the village. She tells the sisters and priests that she has been having an affair with Querry and that she is pregnant with his child. When Querry visits her she claims that she thought of Querry whilst having sex with Rycker in an attempt to endure the man, and thus she became pregnant with what she views as Querry's child (despite it being Rycker's). Father Thomas, the temporary supervisor of the village, becomes angry at Querry for bringing shame and sin upon the village (as well as damaging his image as saintly – despite strong objections to having such an image from Querry himself). Rycker arrives at the village and demands to see Querry, who has gone to stay in Dr. Colin's room for the night. Rycker begins to walk to Dr. Colin's stating that a court would never convict him, which troubles the priests – one of whom pursues Rycker to prevent him shooting Querry. Enraged, Rycker confronts Querry. While being accused of adultery, Querry laughs at the absurdity of the accusations. Rycker misinterprets the laugh and becomes angry and shoots Querry, who then dies. Querry is buried in the village, which fulfills his wish to never return to his old life. ==Dedication and literary intentions in novel== Greene dedicated A Burnt-Out Case to Docteur Michel Lechat, a medical doctor at a leper colony in Yonda in Africa (one of a number of such colonies Greene had visited in the Congo and the Cameroons, which had inspired his novel). In his dedication to Lechat, Greene writes: "Doctor Colin has borrowed from you his experience of leprosy and nothing else. Doctor Colin's leproserie is not your leproserie.... From the fathers of your Mission I have stolen the Superior's cheroots--that is all, and from your Bishop the boat that he was so generous as to lend me for a journey up the Ruki." In reference to the characters in the novel, Greene writes: "It would be a waste of time for anyone to try to identify Querry, the Ryckers, Parkinson, Father Thomas--they are formed from the flotsam of thirty years as a novelist." Commenting on his literary intentions in the work, Greene wrote that it was, "an attempt to give dramatic expression to various types of belief, half- belief, and non-belief, in the kind of setting, removed from world-politics and house-hold-preoccupations, where such differences are felt acutely and find expression." Drawing a comparison between a leper-colony doctor's work and that of a novelist, Greene adds: "A doctor is not immune from 'the long despair of doing nothing well", the same "cafard that hangs around a writer's life". ==See also== *Burnout (psychology) ==References== Category:1960 British novels Category:Novels set in Belgian Congo Category:Novels by Graham Greene Category:Heinemann (publisher) books Category:Novels about architects
8680392	A Child of the Revolution	First published in 1932, A Child of the Revolution is chronologically the last book in the Scarlet Pimpernel series by Baroness Orczy. ==Plot== During one return home, Sir Percy tells the story of André Vallon, a young Jacobin, to the Prince of Wales. André, wishing to revenge himself on a despotic seigneur, uses the Jacobins' rise to force the seigneur's daughter to marry him. Once wed, they come to love each other, only to have the old seigneur denounce André in an attempt to free his daughter. Category:1932 British novels Category:Scarlet Pimpernel books Category:Novels by Baroness Emma Orczy Category:Cassell (publisher) books Category:English-language novels
8702341	A Fairly Honourable Defeat	A Fairly Honourable Defeat is a novel by the British writer and philosopher Iris Murdoch. Published in 1970, it was her thirteenth novel. ==Plot summary== The lives of several friends are thrown into disarray by the machinations of Julius King. Julius makes a bet with his ex-girlfriend Morgan that he can break up the homosexual couple Axel and Simon; meanwhile, Morgan and her brother-in-law Rupert are tricked into embarking on an affair, and Morgan's nephew Peter is falling in love with her. ==Characters== *Julius King, academic biochemist *Rupert Foster, his former colleague, a senior civil servant writing a book on living morally *Hilda Foster, Rupert's wife *Simon Foster, Rupert's brother *Axel Nilsson, Rupert's colleague and Simon's partner *Morgan Browne, Tallis' wife, Julius's rejected lover and Hilda's sister *Tallis Browne, Morgan's estranged husband *Peter Foster, Rupert and Hilda's son *Leonard Browne, Tallis's father ==Major themes== The story hinges on the wager that comes half-way through the book when Julius bets Morgan that he will be able to break up Simon and Axel's relationship. The consequences of the wager recall Shakespearean comedy (particularly Much Ado About Nothing), as well as Mozart's operas and the story of Job. The gap between moral theory and practice is central to the book, and is exemplified by Rupert's inability to withstand temptation, despite having written a book about morality. Julius is a satanic figure, while Tallis is represented as Christ-like, since he absorbs suffering while Julius sows it. The underlying idea, which Murdoch adopted from Simone Weil, is that evil is propagated in the world by the transmission of suffering from one person to another, and that it can only be stopped by someone's being willing to accept the suffering without passing it on. The relationship between Simon and Axel, which survives Julius's attempt to destroy it, is one of many portrayals of homosexuals in Murdoch's novels. According to Philip Hensher, their relationship is "one of the most convincing and warm portrayals of marriage in English fiction". ==Literary significance and reception== A Fairly Honourable Defeat received mixed reviews on its publication in 1970. In The New York Times, Christopher Lehmann-Haupt praised its ingenious plot and "comic spirit", and called it "the most entertaining Iris Murdoch I've read in years". Another The New York Times review remarked on the improbability of the plot, but considering the book as primarily a novel of ideas, found it "one of the most enjoyable and interesting of Iris Murdoch's recent books". On the other hand, writing in The Times, Nuala O'Faolain objected to an absence of sympathetic characters, while in The Washington Post Joyce Carol Oates found the characters "vacuous". The literary critic and Murdoch biographer Peter J. Conradi describes A Fairly Honourable Defeat as a "brilliant and decisive masterpiece", and the novel with which she entered a "new artistic maturity" in which plot and characters are equally balanced. Literary scholars have examined various aspects of the novel, including its attempt to portray, in Tallis, an "interesting" good character, and its sympathetic depiction of a loving and stable homosexual relationship only three years after the Sexual Offences Act of 1967 decriminalized private sexual acts between adult men. In 2010 A Fairly Honourable Defeat was one of the 21 novels on the long list for the Lost Man Booker Prize, but it did not appear on the short list of six from which the winner was chosen. In 2022 British religious scholar Karen Armstrong said she left a book club when its members dismissed the novel as "evil." ==References== ==Further reading== Category:1970 British novels Category:Novels by Iris Murdoch Category:Chatto & Windus books Category:Novels set in London
8768022	A Drama in Livonia	A Drama in Livonia () is a tragic mystery novel written by Jules Verne in 1893,The book was written during the Dreyfus affair, hence the similarity of the stories. revised in 1903 and first published in 1904. ==Plot outline== In the Governorate of Livonia, a bank employee who is carrying money is murdered. The prime suspect is Professor Dimitri Nicolef. He was the only person present, besides the innkeeper German Kroff. Wladimir Yanof, a lawyer and the fiancé of Ilka Nicolef (the professor's daughter), has escaped from Siberia to prove the innocence of his future father-in-law. ==Publication history== * 1967, UK, London: Arco. 192 pp., First UK edition ==Notes and references== ==External links== Category:1904 French novels Category:Novels by Jules Verne Category:Livonia Category:Novels set in the Russian Empire
8791657	A Disturbing Case	"A Disturbing Case" is the second episode of the 1969 British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased), distributed by ITC Entertainment and starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre. The episode was first broadcast on 28 September 1969 on ITV. It was directed by Ray Austin. ==Synopsis== Jeff Randall initially collapses unconscious after being lightly thrown against a door by Phillip and Pentonville, the two hospital heavies, but later under hypnosis he beats some five men in fights, including Dr. Conrad. Marty is seen pulling objects such as a door towards Jeff's head by inhaling in this episode. When teleporting to a specific location he is also heard to say "Made it! My sense of direction is improving!" In this episode Jeannie's presumably younger sister Jenny is introduced. Like actress Annette Andre who portrays Jeannie she is also real-life Australian, and the likeness between them is similar. Currently unemployed, she's staying with Jeannie from outside London, what she terms "the sticks". ==Cast== *Mike Pratt as Jeff Randall *Kenneth Cope as Marty Hopkirk *Annette Andre as Jeannie Hopkirk *Judith Arthy .... Jennifer *Patrick Jordan .... Smart *Les White .... Hales, the Chauffeur *Charles Morgan .... Arthur Phillips *Michael Griffiths .... Inspector Nelson *Adrian Ropes .... Sergeant *David Bauer .... Dr. Conrad *Gerald Flood .... Dr. Lambert *Geoffrey Reed .... 1st Male Nurse *Max Faulkner .... 2nd Male Nurse *William Mervyn .... Whitty ==Production== The exteriors for The Lambert Clinic Nursing Home were shot at The Grocer's Institute on Grange Lane, Letchmore Heath. Whitty's home exterior was filmed at a private house named Aragon on Aldenham Road, Letchmore Heath. Arthur Phillips house was shot on the exterior standing backlot sets at ABC Elstree studios, Borehamwood. A finished print was completed by late August 1969. It is listed as episode 22 in ITC publicity. ==Home media== The episode was released on VHS and several times on DVD with differing special features. "A Disturbing Case" was released by Carlton on DVD with the first episode "My Late Lamented Friend and Partner". Silent behind-the-scenes footage of this episode was included as an extra on the fourth region 2 DVD. Shot by a 2nd unit crew using stand-ins for the leads, the sequence ran to 1'06m. ==External links== *http://www.anorakzone.com/randall/ * Category:Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) episodes Category:1969 British television episodes
8828151	A Hornbook for Witches	A Hornbook for Witches: Poems of Fantasy is a collection of poems by Leah Bodine Drake. It was released in 1950, and was the author's first book and her only collection published by Arkham House. It was released in an edition of 553 copies, of which 300 were given to the author, making this one of the rarest books published by Arkham House. The jacket was the work of Frank Utpatel. The volume is dedicated to Drake's ancestor Jean Bodin "who also concerned himself with witches." According to Sheldon Jaffery's The Arkham House Companion, "the story goes that Ms Drake approached Derleth and requested that a book of her poetry be published by Arkham House, one that would contain a great many more poems than were contained in the 1947 anthology Dark of the Moon. Derleth refused except on the condition that she bear the cost, to which she agreed. After publication of A Hornbook for Witches, Drake received back about 300 copies as her share of the enterprise. Thus, the rarity of the book is explained, as only 253 were available for distribution by Arkham House directly to its dealers and subscribers. It's uncertain what became of Drake's 300 copies, although many may have been given or sold to her friends and neighbors. Lin Carter once told me that he was, some years ago, in a small midwestern city and saw Drake toting a shopping bag overflowing with copies of Hornbook, which she was autographing and selling for $1.50 per copy. The story has the ring of truth since Leah Bodine Drake, at the time the book was published, worked for the Evansville, Indiana Courier. Carter, lacking the foresight that we all acquire through hindsight, failed to buy any copies. He later spent $450.00 for one in less than perfect condition, as it was the last book needed to complete his Arkham House collection."Jaffery, Sheldon. The Arkham House Companion. Mercer Island, WA: Starmont House, 1989, p. 39 The New York Times reviewer Orville Prescott described Drake as "a poet who writes in conventional rhyme schemes about very unconventional subjects" and noted that "for the most part Miss Drake goes her own original and fanciful way. Her poems may not be contributions to the great art of poetry, but they are rather fun in a grisly fashion.""Books of the Times", The New York Times, January 1, 1951, p.15 Boucher and McComas wrote that the collection would appeal "to devotees of supernatural verse (or of attractive book-making).""Recommended Reading," F&SF;, June 1951, p.84 An audiobook by the same name was released in 1976, read by Vincent Price. It contains four poems by Drake ("A Hornbook for Witches", "Witches on the Heath", "'All Saints Eve", and "The Ballad of the Jabberwock") as well as other material. The audio was originally released as both LP and on cassette (by Caedmon TC-1497) but can now be sourced on the internet as a CD recording. ==Contents== A Hornbook for Witches contains the following poems: # "A Hornbook for Witches" # "Unhappy Ending" # "Witches on the Heath" # "The Tenants" # "The Ballad of the Jabberwock" # "Bad Company" # "Mouse Heaven" # "Rabbit-Dance" # "Wood-wife" # "A Likely Story" # "The Man Who Married a Swan Maiden" # "All-Saints Eve" # "The Last Faun" # "Changeling" # "In the Shadows" # "Figures in a Nightmare" # "The Witch Walks in Her Garden" # "The Seal- Woman's Daughter" # "They Run Again" # "The Path Through the Marsh" # "Old Wives' Tale" # "A Vase from Araby" # "The Fur Coat" # "House Accurst" # "The Vision" # "Sea-Shell" # "Willow Women" # "The Girl in the Glass" # "Heard on the Roof at Midnight" # "Terror by Night" # "Legend" # "The Heads on Easter Island" # "Haunted Hour" # "Goat Song" # "The Nixie's Pool" # "Stranger" # "Encounter in Broceliande" # "The Window on the Stair" # "The Old World of Green" # "Curious Story" # "The Steps in the Field" # "Midsummer Night" # "Old Daphne" # "Mad Woman's Song" # "Griffin's Gold" # "Black Peacock" # "The Centaurs" ==References== * * * * ==External links== * Audiobook page * Audio Book Selections, by Vincent Price on CD and Mp3 * A Hornbook for Witches: Poems of Fantasy at L. Tom Perry Special Collections, Brigham Young University Category:1950 books Category:American poetry collections
8835042	A Khasene in Shtetl	A Khasene in Shtetl (Yiddish for A Wedding in the Village / A Village Wedding, also called A Shtetl Wedding / A Wedding in the Shtetl; Yiddish: אַ חתונה אין שטעטל) is a Yiddish musical theater play written by William Siegel (or: Segal), with music by Herman Wohl, which was first performed at the National Theater on Second Avenue and Houston Street, in New York City, in September 1930, starring Aaron Lebedeff.Zylberczweig, Zalmen (1934). "Siegel, William" . In: Zylbercweig, with the assistance of Jacob Mestel, Leksikon fun yidishn teater [Lexicon of the Yiddish theatre]. Vol. 2\. Warsaw. Cols. 1470-1483; here: col. 1476. English translation at the Museum of Family History website: "William Siegel; retrieved 2016-11-20. Later, Pesach Burstein, a Jewish Polish-American performer in the Yiddish theater, became well known for directing and acting in the play. Burstein's troupe, and most notably his immediate family - his wife Lillian Lux, and later also his son Mike Burstyn and daughter Susan Burstein (all part of the advertised Four Bursteins) - went around the globe giving theater performances for audiences of the Yiddish- speaking diaspora. While panned by critics, the play was able to engage a vast variety of audiences, in locales as diverse as (pre-Holocaust) Eastern Europe, Israel, Latin America and the United States. The play was one of several Old World counterparts to Al Jolson's The Jazz Singer. The play depicts the trials of a rabbi's son going on stage. Pesach Burstein was well acquainted with Al Jolson, as he had signed up for a contract with Columbia Records sometime before. The play was probably also based on some autobiographical elements, as Burstein ran away from his Polish family to join a mobile Yiddish theater group. Extensive footage of the play, and information regarding it, are presented in the 2000 documentary about the Burstein family, The Komediant.The Komediant, New Yorker Video, New York, 1999 ==Notes== Category:Yiddish plays
8854035	A Lesson in Crime	A Lesson in Crime is an EP by Tokyo Police Club released April 27, 2006. It reached #194 on the Canadian album charts. The single "Nature of the Experiment" is featured as the opening to the Comedy Central sketch comedy show Nick Swardson's Pretend Time. ==Track listing== All songs written by Alsop, Hooks, Monks, and Wright. == Personnel == * Greg Alsop – drums * Joshua Hook – guitar * Graham Wright – keyboards, vocals * David Monks – vocals, bass guitar * Jon Drew – producer, engineering, tambourine * Rich Cohen – management * Geoff Wilson – artwork ==Charts== Chart (2007) Peak position ==References== Category:2006 debut EPs Category:Tokyo Police Club albums Category:Paper Bag Records EPs
896285	A Grand Day Out	A Grand Day Out with Wallace and Gromit, later marketed as A Grand Day Out, is a 1989 British stop-motion animated short film starring Wallace and Gromit. It was directed, co-written, and animated by Nick Park at the National Film and Television School in Beaconsfield and Aardman Animations in Bristol. The short premiered on 4 November 1989, at an animation festival at the Arnolfini Gallery in Bristol. It was first broadcast on 24 December 1990, Christmas Eve, on Channel 4. A Grand Day Out is followed in the series by 1993's The Wrong Trousers, 1995's A Close Shave, 2005's The Curse of the Were-Rabbit and 2008's A Matter of Loaf and Death. The short was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film in 1991, but it lost to Creature Comforts, another stop-motion animated short film made by Nick Park and Aardman Animations, also released in 1989. ==Plot== Cheese-loving inventor Wallace and his dog Gromit, while trying to decide where they will spend their bank holiday, find that their house is bereft of cheese. As "everybody knows the Moon is made of cheese", they decide to build a rocket and fly to the Moon. Upon arrival, they begin sampling and gathering cheese, and encounter a coin-operated robot. Wallace inserts a coin, but nothing happens. After he and Gromit leave, the robot comes to life and gathers the dirty plates left at their picnic spot. The robot discovers Wallace's skiing magazine, and yearns to travel to Earth to ski for itself. It repairs a broken piece of the Moon that Wallace had cut off, issues a parking ticket for the rocket, and becomes annoyed by an oil leakage from the craft. The robot sneaks up on Wallace and prepares to strike him, but the money Wallace inserted runs out, and it freezes. Wallace takes the robot's baton as a souvenir, inserts another coin as payment, and prepares to leave with Gromit and the cheese they have gathered. Returning to life, the robot realizes Wallace and Gromit can bring it to Earth, and follows them. Wallace panics, thinking the robot is angry over the cheese he is taking with him, and he and Gromit retreat into the rocket. Unable to climb up the ladder, the robot cuts into the fuselage using a can opener. Upon entering the dark engine section of the rocket, it lights a match and accidentally ignites some fuel. The resultant explosion throws it off the rocket, and Wallace and Gromit lift off. Initially distraught at losing its chance to go to Earth, the robot fashions dislodged scraps of the rocket fuselage into skis, and starts skiing across the lunar landscape. It waves goodbye to Wallace and Gromit as they return home. During the credits, a ball previously kicked by Wallace drifts into space. ==Production== Nick Park started creating the film in 1982, as a graduation project for the National Film and Television School. In 1985, Aardman Animations took him on before he finished the piece, allowing him to work on it part-time while still being funded by the school. To make the film, Park wrote to William Harbutt's company, requesting of Plasticine. The block he received had ten colours, one of which was called "stone"; this was used for Gromit. Park wanted to voice Gromit, but he realised the voice he had in mind — that of Peter Hawkins — would have been difficult to animate. For Wallace, Park offered Peter Sallis £50 to voice the character, and the actor's acceptance greatly surprised the young animator. Park wanted Wallace to have a Lancastrian accent like his own, but Sallis could only do a Yorkshire voice. Inspired by how Sallis drew out the word "cheese", Park chose to give Wallace large cheeks. When Park called Sallis six years later to explain he had completed his film, Sallis swore in surprise. Gromit was named after grommets, because Park's brother, an electrician, often mentioned them, and Nick Park liked the sound of the word. Wallace was originally a postman named Jerry, but Park felt the name did not match well with Gromit. Park saw an overweight Labrador Retriever named Wallace, who belonged to an old woman boarding a bus in Preston. Park commented it was a "funny name, a very northern name to give a dog". According to the book The World of Wallace and Gromit, original plans were that the film would be forty minutes long, including a sequence where Wallace and Gromit would discover a fast food restaurant on the Moon. Regarding the original plot, Park said: ==Home media== The short film was released on VHS in the 1990s by BBC Video. It was also released on DVD in Wallace and Gromit in 3 Amazing Adventures in 2005 by DreamWorks Home Entertainment. In the United States, it was released on DVD in 2009 by Lionsgate Home Entertainment and HIT Entertainment. In the United Kingdom, it was again released on DVD in the 2000s. Lionsgate Home Entertainment later released it on Blu-ray for the first time, under the release's name Wallace and Gromit: The Complete Collection, on 22 September 2009 in time for the duo's 20th anniversary of the franchise. ==Release== The short premiered on 4 November 1989 at the Arnolfini Gallery in Bristol, UK, and premiered in the United States on 18 May 1990. It was also shown on Channel 4 on 24 December 1990 in the UK. ==Reception== ===Critical response=== On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a approval rating based on reviews, with an average rating of 8.2/10. ===Awards and nominations=== The short won the first BAFTA Award for Best Short Animation awarded in 1990, beating out Park's other nominated short, Creature Comforts. However, in 1991, the opposite occurred, with the short being nominated for the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film, but losing it to Creature Comforts. ==References== ==External links== * Official Wallace and Gromit website * Category:1980s children's fantasy films Category:1980s stop-motion animated films Category:1989 films Category:1980s buddy comedy films Category:1980s science fiction films Category:1980s comedy films Category:1980s adventure comedy films Category:1989 short films Category:Aardman Animations short films Category:British animated short films Category:British animated science fiction films Category:British buddy comedy films Category:British space adventure films Category:Clay animation films Category:Films directed by Nick Park Category:Films about dogs Category:Films about travel Category:Films set in Lancashire Category:Films with screenplays by Nick Park Category:Films set on the moon Category:Stop-motion animated short films Category:Wallace and Gromit films Category:1980s English-language films Category:1980s British films Category:British independent films Category:British animated comedy films
9058021	A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation	"A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation", often referred to as "Gunshot", is a song by American heavy metal band Trivium. Written by Matt Heafy and Corey Beaulieu, both of whom perform vocals and guitars on the track, it was featured on the band's second studio album Ascendancy in 2005. The song was also released as a promotional single in May 2005, with an accompanying music video following in September. ==Composition and lyrics== According to Trivium frontman Matt Heafy, who wrote the lyrics for the song and co-wrote the music with guitarist and backing vocalist Corey Beaulieu, "A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation" is written from the point of view of a child who is either a victim of child abuse or a witness to domestic violence, and is described by the vocalist and guitarist as "the punching bag for the underdog". Speaking in a track-by-track commentary of the album released on Spotify in 2015, Heafy explained that "the outcome of the story of this song was that someone was able to create something out of [being abused]", and that it means "putting that terror away ... by allowing yourself to grow from it and learn from it and not harm yourself or anyone around you negatively from it". Heafy began writing the song in Las Vegas, Nevada during the band's second concert tour, noting that he played the riff for drummer Travis Smith while the two were "drunk and fucked up", who then added the preliminary drum parts by "playing something on the floor". The gang vocals during the later stages of the song were recorded while the album was being mixed at Andy Sneap's Backstage Studios in Ripley, Derbyshire. They were performed by Heafy, Smith, Sneap, Chad Sunderland and Gizz Butt. ==Promotion and release== Following its inclusion on Ascendancy in March 2005, "A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation" was released as a promotional single in May 2005 featuring an edited version of the track. The song was included on the 2005 Ozzfest Summer Sampler CD, before the band's performance of the track at the festival was included on the Ozzfest 10th Anniversary live video album released later in the year. ==Music video== The music video for "A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation" was filmed in Orlando, Florida on June 21, 2005. Directed by Shane Drake, the video featured a crowd made up of 300 of the band's fans, who were recruited the previous week. It was premiered in September 2005. ==Critical reception== Vik Bansal of musicOMH praised the song for featuring a "burst of melodic backing vocals", as well as "the unexpected but effective" gang vocal section near the end of the track. PopMatters writer Cosmo Lee likened the song's use of guitar harmonies to those performed by James Hetfield and Kirk Hammett on Metallica's 1988 fourth studio album ...And Justice for All, while AllMusic's Johnny Loftus highlighted bassist Paolo Gregoletto's performance on the track. ==Personnel== *Matt Heafy – lead vocals, guitars, gang vocals, production *Corey Beaulieu – guitars, backing vocals, gang vocals *Paolo Gregoletto – bass, backing vocals, gang vocals *Travis Smith – drums, percussion, gang vocals *Jason Suecof – production, engineering *Andy Sneap – mixing, mastering, gang vocals *Chad Sunderland – gang vocals *Gizz Butt – gang vocals ==References== ==External links== *"A Gunshot to the Head of Trepidation" music video at YouTube Category:2005 songs Category:Trivium (band) songs Category:Songs written by Matt Heafy Category:Songs written by Corey Beaulieu Category:Songs about domestic violence Category:Songs about child abuse
9146522	A Field Guide to the Birds of Hawaii and the Tropical Pacific	A Field Guide to the Birds of Hawaii and the Tropical Pacific is a 1987 book by Harold Douglas Pratt, Jr., Phillip L. Bruner and Delwyn G. Berrett (with illustrations by Pratt). It is published by Princeton University Press and is produced as both hardback () and softback () editions. The book is primarily a field guide to birds found in the Hawaiian islands, Micronesia, Fiji and tropical Polynesia (plus some northern subtropical Polynesian islands), including some distribution and status data. It was the first identification work to cover the birds of the whole of this region. The book is high by wide. It comprises xx + 409 pages, with 45 colour plates (43 of which contain Pratt's illustrations of birds; the remaining two contain photographs of plants important to birds in the region). The main text is divided up into three sections: * "How to use this book" (pages 3 – 14) * "A birder's-eye view of the Tropical Pacific" (pages 15 – 44) which contains descriptions of the types of island, their habitats and the bird communities found in them, with some information about bird conservation in the region. * Individual accounts of 507 species, which make up the bulk of the book's text, between pages 45 and 319 Appendix A (pages 321 - 328) contains a hypothetical list for the region, and Appendix B (pages 329 - 258) a series of species checklists for the individual subdivisions. A map of the region covered is given on pages xvi - xvii, with more detailed maps of individual parts of the region in Appendix C (pages 359 - 372). These appendices are followed by a glossary, bibliography and index. A list of extinct species is given on page 36, and a number of these are illustrated in the book's artwork section. The book is dedicated to Dr. Robert J. Newman. == References == Field Guide to the Birds of Hawaii and the Tropical Pacific Category:Tropics
9161281	A Lady's Morals	A Lady's Morals is a 1930 American pre-Code film offering a highly fictionalized account of opera singer Jenny Lind. The movie features Grace Moore as Lind, Reginald Denny as a lover, and Wallace Beery as P. T. Barnum. The film contains some opera arias by Moore and was directed by Sidney Franklin. Wallace Beery would play Barnum again four years later in The Mighty Barnum (1934), with Virginia Bruce as Jenny Lind. ==Cast== *Grace Moore as Jenny Lind *Reginald Denny as Paul Brandt *Wallace Beery as P. T. Barnum *Jobyna Howland as Josephine *Gus Shy as Olaf *Gilbert Emery as Broughm *George F. Marion as Innkeeper *Paul Porcasi as Innkeeper ==Soundtrack== *"It Is Destiny" :Lyrics by Clifford Grey :Music by Oscar Straus :Copyright 1930 by Harms Inc. :Played by Reginald Denny on piano and sung by Grace Moore :Reprised by Grace Moore singing and on piano *"Rataplan" :from "La fille du régiment" :Music by Gaetano Donizetti :Played at an opera house with Grace Moore singing as Marie *"Student's Song" :Music by Oscar Straus :Lyrics by Clifford Grey :Sung by students escorting Grace Moore home *"Oh Why" :Lyrics by Arthur Freed :Music by Herbert Stothart and Harry M. Woods :Copyright 1930 Harms Inc. :Played by Grace Moore singing and on piano *"Casta Diva" :from "Norma" :Music by Vincenzo Bellini :Played at an opera house and sung by Grace Moore as Norma *"Swedish Pastorale" :Written by Howard Johnson and Herbert Stothart :Sung by a group in Sweden *"Lovely Hour" :Words and Music by Carrie Jacobs Bond :Copyright 1929 by Carrie Jacobs-Bond & Son :Sung first by Grace Moore off-screen :Reprised by her at P.T.Barnum's show in New York City *"I Hear Your Voice" :Music by Oscar Straus :Lyrics by Clifford Grey ==Remake== The film was remade as the 1932 American French-language film titled Jenny Lind. == External links == * * * A Lady's Morals plot by Sanderson Beck (1999) Category:1930 films Category:1930s biographical films Category:1930s historical films Category:American historical films Category:American biographical films Category:American black-and-white films Category:Metro- Goldwyn-Mayer films Category:Films directed by Sidney Franklin Category:Films produced by Irving Thalberg Category:Biographical films about singers Category:Films set in the 19th century Category:Films scored by Oscar Straus Category:Cultural depictions of Jenny Lind Category:Cultural depictions of P. T. Barnum Category:1930s English-language films Category:1930s American films
927686	A Lie of the Mind	thumb|A scene from the play A Lie of the Mind is a play written by Sam Shepard, first staged at the off-Broadway Promenade Theater on 5 December 1985. The play was directed by Shepard himself with stars Harvey Keitel as Jake, Amanda Plummer as Beth, Aidan Quinn as Frankie, Geraldine Page as Lorraine, and Will Patton as Mike. The music was composed and played by the North Carolina bluegrass group the Red Clay Ramblers. Some critics consider the play the conclusion of a quintet that includes Shepard's Family Trilogy: Curse of the Starving Class (1976), Buried Child (1979), and True West (1980), plus Fool for Love (1983).Roudané, Matthew (2002). The Cambridge Companion to Sam Shepard. Cambridge University Press, ==Plot synopsis== Told in three acts set in Montana and California, the story alternates between two families after a severe incident of spousal abuse leaves all their lives altered until the final collision at an isolated cabin. The two families are linked by the marriage of Jake (son of Lorraine and brother of Sally and Frankie) and Beth (daughter of Baylor and Meg and sister of Mike). The play begins with Beth recuperating in her parents' home after a hospitalization resulting from Jake's abuse. Exploring family dysfunction and the nature of love, the play follows Jake as he searches for meaning after his relationship with Beth and her family as they struggle with Beth's brain damage. ==Production history== A Lie of the Mind was first produced Off-Broadway at the Promenade Theatre on December 5, 1985, closing on June 1, 1986 after 186 performances. The cast was as follows: * Baylor - James Gammon * Jake - Harvey Keitel * Lorraine - Geraldine Page * Mike - Will Patton * Beth - Amanda Plummer * Frankie - Aidan Quinn * Meg - Ann Wedgeworth * Sally - Karen Young ===Revival=== The first major Off-Broadway revival of A Lie of the Mind was staged by the New Group at the Acorn Theatre. Ethan Hawke directed the production with an ensemble cast featuring Keith Carradine (Baylor), Josh Hamilton (Frankie), Marin Ireland (Beth), Laurie Metcalf (Meg), Alessandro Nivola (Jake), Maggie Siff (Sally), Frank Whaley (Mike), and Karen Young (Lorraine; Sally in the 1985 production). The show began previews on January 29, 2010, with a limited engagement from February 18 to March 20, 2010. It was nominated for five Lucille Lortel Awards including Outstanding Revival, and two Drama Desk Awards, including Outstanding Director of a Play. The cast was featured on The New Yorker's list of the Best Performers of 2010. A revival in the UK was staged at the Southwark Playhouse in 2017, receiving excellent notices including 5 Stars from The Times of London. ==Awards and nominations== * 1986 Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Play * 1986 New York Drama Critics' Circle Award for Best Play * 1986 Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Off-Broadway Play * 2010 Lucille Lortel Awards for Outstanding Revival (nominee) * 2010 Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Director of a Play, Ethan Hawke (nominee) * 2010 Drama Desk Award, Outstanding Music in a Play, Gaines (nominee) * 2010 Obie Award Performance, Laurie Metcalf (winner) ==References== ==External links== * * Review of the 1985 production by The New York Times * Review of the 2010 production by The New York Times Category:1985 plays Category:Drama Desk Award-winning plays Category:Off-Broadway plays Category:New York Drama Critics' Circle Award winners Category:Plays by Sam Shepard Category:Western United States in fiction Category:Plays set in the United States
929153	A Bao A Qu (album)	A Bao A Qu is a 4 track 10" EP by singer-songwriter Virginia Astley. The selection of 4 songs indicated her preferences for poetic and classical sounds as 3 of the 4 songs had a direct connection. The sleeve art and script are credited to the artiste. "We will meet them again" was a translation of a verse from the Kindertotenlieder, a series of poems by Friedrich Rückert used by Austrian composer Gustav Mahler for his song cycle of the same name, its meaning being "Songs On The Death Of Children". "Arctic Death" was inspired by the W. B. Yeats poem "An Irish Airman Foresees His Death" and also inspired the Catherine DeNeuve sleeve used for "Promise Nothing". "Sanctus" is a straight reading in Latin from the Requiem as used by Benjamin Britten in his War Requiem. It's also her only a cappella song, the other voices being Nicky Holland and her brother Jon Astley who co-produced the recordings. In 1999 a privately made CD was issued on the Astra label and added computerised sounds as "Sanctus 2000". "Angel Crying" is in the style of a Revivalist Hymn and features 2 members of the soon to be Big Country, then part of her cousin in law Simon Townshend's band On the Air. In fact this debut was something of a family affair as her nieces Emma and Aminta Townshend were backup singers. Other musicians involved were Josephine Wells of Kissing the Pink and Peter Hope Evans, ex-Medicine Head. After what could be called Virginia's Song Cycle Of Death she got it out of her system and moved on to other things, though her overall sound was to remain in the same turf for 2 decades. The album shares its name with a Malayan legend; at the time of composition, Virginia had recently read a book by Jorge Luis Borges which described the legend, and a great deal of her lyrics depended on what she'd been reading at the time. Category:Virginia Astley albums Category:Albums produced by Jon Astley Category:1982 EPs Category:1999 EPs
929265	A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure	A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure is the fourth studio album by American electronic music duo Matmos, released in 2001. The album consists primarily of samples of medical procedures, including plastic surgeries, liposuctions, hearing tests and bonesaws. The album maintains a sense of humour in contrast with the serious nature of the audio being sampled. The exception to the medical samples is the song "For Felix (And All the Rats)", a piece dedicated to their deceased pet rat Felix, performed entirely on his cage. The two members of Matmos, Drew Daniel and Martin Schmidt, both had doctors as parents, a fact that likely influenced them in the album's creation. The album is sometimes considered a concept album within the glitch or musique concrète genre. == Critical reception == At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure received an average score of 80 based on 13 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Heather Phares of AllMusic described the album as "seven remarkably accessible, melodic pieces of experimental techno." Simon Reynolds of Spin said, "Matmos have captured with discomforting vividness the sheer surrealism of the modern vanity industry, the medieval tortures people gladly endure in pursuit of physical perfection." In 2017, Pitchfork placed A Chance to Cut Is a Chance to Cure at number 19 on its list of "The 50 Best IDM Albums of All Time". == Track listing == == Personnel == Credits adapted from liner notes. Matmos * M. C. Schmidt – straw and water (1), acoustic guitar (1), electric guitar (1, 3), voice (1, 3), test tones (3), synthesizer (3), acupuncture point detector (4), skin (4), plucked and bowed rat cage (5), sequencing (5, 7), human skull (6), goat spine (6), teeth (6), flute (7), computer (7), mixing * Drew Daniel – voice (1), electric guitar (1, 3), sound effects (3), digital editing, sequencing, sampling, editing, mixing, recording Additional musicians * Katie Williams – voice (1) * J Lesser – voice (1) * Blevin Blectum – voice (1) * Felix Kubin – voice (1) * Hrvatski – voice (1) * Miguel De Pedro – voice (1) * Stefanie Ressin – voice (1) * Richard Von Der Schulenburg – voice (1) * Katerina Von Ledersteger- Goodfriend – voice (1) * Kevin Ambrosini – voice (1) * Ethel Chang – voice (1) * Joanne Feinstein – voice (1) * Quang Hong – voice (1) * David Hornung – voice (1) * Emily Hsu – voice (1) * Matt Kaufman – voice (1) * Daisy Kent – voice (1) * Blake Linney – voice (1) * Junn-Francis Masongsong – voice (1) * Lee Medoff – voice (1) * Jerome Narvaez – voice (1) * Ryan Petersen – voice (1) * Brian Schultz – voice (1) * Cody Shedd – voice (1) * Robert Sproul – voice (1) * Jennifer Tom – voice (1) * Nicole Williamson – voice (1) * Stephen Thrower – clarinet (1) * Steve Goodfriend – drums (1) * Mark Lightcap – electric guitar (1), ukulele (3) * Rebecca Highlander – voice (3) == References == == External links == * * A Chance to Cut is a Chance to Cure at Brainwashed Category:2001 albums Category:Matmos albums Category:Matador Records albums Category:Works about plastic surgery
9413554	A Haunting Curse	A Haunting Curse is the third studio album by American extreme metal band Goatwhore. A live performance music video was filmed for the song "Forever Consumed Oblivion", which has seen airplay on MTV2's Headbangers Ball. Another music video was filmed for "Alchemy of the Black Sun Cult". == Track listing == == Personnel == *Ben Falgoust – lead vocals *Sammy Duet – guitars, backing vocals *Nathan Bergeron – bass, backing vocals *Zack Simmons – drums == References == Category:2006 albums Category:Goatwhore albums Category:Metal Blade Records albums Category:Albums with cover art by Jacob Bannon Category:Albums produced by Erik Rutan
961187	A Hangover You Don't Deserve	A Hangover You Don't Deserve is the fifth studio album by American rock band Bowling for Soup. It was released on September 14, 2004, as their third album with Jive Records. The first single, "1985", quickly became a Top 40 staple, peaking at No. 5 on Billboard's Adult Top 40 chart. ==Critical reception== Johnny Loftus, writing for AllMusic, praised the catchability of the first three tracks and Jaret Reddick's songwriting on songs like "Ohio (Come Back to Texas)", but was critical of the album containing typical pop punk production ("stuff like piano breaks, compressed vocals, and steppe farm chorus guitars") that made the band sound too close to similar bands like Goldfinger and Lit, saying that "most of the time it's very hard to hear Bowling for Soup around Hangovers radio and video-ready sheen." Entertainment Weekly writer Brian Hiatt felt that tracks like "1985" were not enough to sustain a whole album, saying that, "Like a lower-SATs version of Fountains of Wayne, the Texas quartet tries to write silly/clever lyrics to go atop their high-carb pop melodies. But too much of the humor (rhyming "Miss Texas" with "bigger breast- es"?) functions on a Jackass: The Band level." ==Track listing== Each version of the album, excluding the DualDisc version, has a number of tracks that are four to five seconds of complete silence, titled "[Blank]", between the last song and "Ohio (Reprise)". The number of tracks varies upon the version, but "Ohio (Reprise)" and "Belgium (Boy Band Remix)" are tracks 43 and 44 respectively on all versions. ===DualDisc version=== CD side * Tracks 1–17 of standard edition DVD side * Entire album in 5.1 Surround Sound (including "Ohio (Reprise)" and "Belgium" (Boy Band Remix) as tracks 18 and 19 respectively) * Entire album In Stereo PCM * "1985" (video) * "Almost" (video) * "Ridiculous" (video) * "Two-Seater" (acoustic) (video from RollingStone.com Originals) ===B-sides=== ==Personnel== Bowling for Soup: * Jaret Reddick — lead vocals, rhythm guitar * Erik Chandler — bass guitar, vocals * Chris Burney — lead guitar, vocals * Gary Wiseman — drums, percussion Production: * Co-Produced by Russ-T Cobb and Jaret Reddick except * and ** ** Produced by Butch Walker * Recorded and Mixed at Ruby Red Productions Atlanta, Georgia * Engineered and mixed by Russ-T Cobb except ** * Assistant Engineer: Sean Loughlin * Project Coordinator: Christie Priode *** Produced by Jaret Reddick Casey Diiorio : Recorded and Mixed by Casey Diiorio at Valve Studios, Dallas, Texas * Tracks 1 and 3 Mixed by Tom Lord-Alge at South Beach Studios, Miami, Florida * Mastered by Chaz Harper at Battery Mastering NYC * album photography by Jason Janik Additional Musicians/Backing Vocals: * Butch Walker * Russ-T Cobb * Joey Huffman * FFroe * Howie * Sim Klugerman * Sean Loughlin * JT Hall * Shelly Truesdell * Candice Leigh Andrews * Sybil Summers as the "ex" in "Down For The Count" ==Charts== ===Weekly charts=== Chart (2004) Peak position ===Year-end charts=== Chart (2005) Position US Billboard 200 185 ===Singles=== Year Single Chart Position 2004 "1985" Adult Top 40 5 The Billboard Hot 100 23 Top 40 Mainstream 10 Top 40 Tracks 13 ==Certifications== ==References== ==External links== * A Hangover You Don't Deserve at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed) Category:2004 albums Category:Jive Records albums Category:Bowling for Soup albums Category:Albums produced by Butch Walker
9704239	A Contention for Honor and Riches	A Contention for Honor and Riches is a Caroline era stage play, a short drama or interlude written by James Shirley and first published in 1633. Generally classed as a morality play, it illustrates the continuing influence of archaic forms of drama on the relatively "sophisticated" or even "decadent" theatre of the Caroline era. The play was entered into Register on November 9, 1632 and was published the following year in quarto by the bookseller William Cooke, who issued many of Shirley's plays in the 1630s, either alone or in partnership with Andrew Crooke. Shirley dedicated the volume to Edward Golding, of Colston, Northamptonshire, a personal friend. No data on the play's theatrical history has survived; it is not known when, or even if, the work was ever staged. The most likely date for the play's authorship may be 1630.Forsythe, p. 391. The existing play, "A moral masque in three scenes," was later reworked and expanded by the author into a full five-act drama, and eventually published in 1659 under the title Honoria and Mammon.Forsythe, p. 392. 1630 was relatively late in the history of English Renaissance theatre for a morality play -- though the form, while unfashionable, was not entirely extinct in Shirley's era. Late examples include Four Plays in One (c. 1608-13), from the canon of John Fletcher, and The Sun's Darling (1624), a collaboration between Thomas Dekker and John Ford. As is often the case in the morality form, the characters in Shirley's Contention are known by generic titles more than personal names: Lady Honor, Lady Riches, Ingenuity, Gettings, the Courtier, the Soldier, the Vice, etc. (In the later expansion, Honoria and Mammon, the same characters are given personal names.) ==Synopsis== At the start of the play, Ingenuity, a scholar, pays court to the Lady Riches, but the two quarrel. The Lady's other suitors, Gettings and Clod (Clod represents country gentlemen, while Gettings represents the London merchant class), also quarrel -- not with their Lady but with each other. The outcome of their dispute is that Clod challenges Gettings to a duel. Lady Honor also has her suitors -- in her case, the Courtier and Soldier ply their suits to her while Ingenuity watches. After Honor and Ingenuity have left them alone, the Courtier and Soldier also argue, and are about to fight, when their nemeses Honesty and No-Pay enter and scare them off. Next, Gettings and Clod are shown on the "field of honor," about to start their duel. But they too are interrupted: Long Vacation and Foul-Weather-in-Harvest enter, and the two suitor/duellists reconcile because of their fear of these figures. (Long Vacation refers to the period at the end of the legal year in August and September, when business in the City of London is slack.) Lady Riches shows up, and accepts Gettings as her intended husband -- but grants a reversion of the office of husband to Clod.In early modern England, a reversion to an office meant that the reversion-holder would obtain the office when the office-holder has left it -- usually by death. The Soldier and Courtier also turn up, searching for Honor -- but they are distracted by the presence of Riches. Finally Honor and Ingenuity arrive to complete the cast: everyone else is surprised to learn that Ingenuity and Honor are now married -- though the news prompts a general reconciliation among all the members of the group. ==Notes== ==References== * Forsythe, Robert Stanley. The Relations of Shirley's Plays to the Elizabethan Drama. New York, Columbia University Press, 1914. * Nason, Arthur Huntington. James Shirley, Dramatist: A Biographical and Critical Study. New York, 1915; reprinted New York, Benjamin Blom, 1967. Category:English Renaissance plays Category:1632 plays Category:Masques by James Shirley
9847946	A Hard Day's Night (Grey's Anatomy)	"A Hard Day's Night" is the pilot episode of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy, which first aired on March 27, 2005 on ABC. The episode introduces main characters and surgical interns Meredith Grey, Cristina Yang, Izzie Stevens, Alex Karev and George O'Malley, who come face to face with what their future holds as they enter the realm of surgery at Seattle Grace Hospital. Other main characters include Derek Shepherd, Miranda Bailey, Richard Webber and Preston Burke. The episode was watched by an American audience of 16.25 million, and received positive reviews from television critics. ==Plot== This chronicles the first 48-hour shift for the new surgical interns. Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) meets Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey), with whom she had a one-night stand the night before, and discovers he's the new attending and chief of neurosurgery at Seattle Grace, and also her "boss". All the interns are introduced to their resident in charge, Miranda Bailey (Chandra Wilson), nicknamed "The Nazi" for her serious demeanor and strictness. They are also introduced to the Chief of Surgery Richard Webber (James Pickens Jr.) and the head of cardiothoracic surgery Preston Burke (Isaiah Washington), who catches the eye of Cristina (Sandra Oh). Meredith has trouble with her first case, a teenage girl who's having unexplained seizures. Izzie (Katherine Heigl) dislikes Meredith, as she thinks she's trying to "get ahead" by sleeping with an attending surgeon; it is revealed Izzie had a past career as a model, which is how she put herself through medical school, and she is teased by Alex (Justin Chambers). George (T. R. Knight) earns the nickname "007" ("license to kill") after botching his first surgery, an appendectomy, when he inverted the stump and pulled too hard on the sutures, tearing the bowel (the patient was saved by Dr Burke). Meredith is the daughter of acclaimed surgeon Ellis Grey (Kate Burton), who evidently had an affair with Richard years before, while married to Meredith's father, Thatcher. Ellis is now battling Alzheimer's disease and Meredith constantly and secretly visits her. ==Production== The voice-over starting the episode did not originally appear in the episode; Rhimes said: "In the editing room, it felt like a piece was missing, so we added it." Director Peter Horton had a different idea for the first shot of the series that he later regretted not using. While they did not have time and Rhimes wanted to "start with a bang", he stated: "My original opening for the pilot was Ellen lying naked on the couch. The opening scene of the pilot was Derek and Meredith having just slept together in a one-night stand. We had a very tight lens that was out of focus, going over all the curves of her body. You didn't even really know what it was as the credits were rolling. [Her body] would come into focus as her eyes opened. It was this beautiful description of Grey's Anatomy." Stephen McPherson who was the president of ABC Entertainment division at the time had little faith in the pilot, and hated the title Grey's Anatomy. He requested it be titled Complications at one point. After the producers turned in the pilot, he shut production down. Future showrunner Krista Vernoff (then-staff writer) recalled twelve years later to The Hollywood Reporter: "He hated it. He said to [then ABC executive] Suzanne Patmore Gibbs (1967—2018) at the time, 'This show is going to be the chapter in my book titled "Why I Should Trust Myself or Why I Should Trust People I Hire."' Because she forced that program on the air. And then it was a great big hit, and he got all the credit." However, Shonda Rhimes was able to make a point to production staff member and writer, Eric Buchman that Atul Gawande had written a book named Complications with a similar premise and worried about being accused of "baically stealing his book" as it revolved around a "young doctor working for a hospital for the first time". The network even optioned the book "just so that they could officially use the title," but Rhimes recalled not knowing who made the call to go back to the title Grey's Anatomy. Kate Burton who portrays Ellis Grey remembers that when she was called into audition for the role the working title was Surgeons. Buchman recalled someone pitching the title Miss Diagnosis to him, which Rhimes "just outright hated". ===Casting=== Justin Chambers was not included in the original pilot episode filmed in March 2004. Tony Phelan stated: "One of the notes after the pilot test was: "You need a bad boy. You need a male member of the intern class who's not just an asshole, but male". As a result, Phelan stated, "If you go back and watch the pilot, you can see how they surgically put Justin in everywhere." The character of Preston Burke was originally envisioned as a caucasian, to be played by Paul Adelstein, who starred in Grey's Anatomy spin-off Private Practice. However, due to his commitment to a film whose shooting dates changed, the actor had to drop out at the last moment and his character was rethought. Isaiah Washington was originally considered for the role of Derek Shepherd, which eventually went to Patrick Dempsey. Washington later received a callback from Rhimes to play Burke. He commented: "I knew I could never be wrong in my heart about something so good and so genuine. Her writing just seemed very complex, very honest." "I said that I would only do it if I didn't have to be like that guy on that other medical show who was always struggling with his anger." Writer and later-showrunner Stacy McKee revealed the original script was an "unmakeable draft" and "too long", with Burke and Richard Webber at one point possibly being related. Originally, titular lead actress Ellen Pompeo was hesitant to do a medical drama. She said, "I hate medical shows! They make me think I'm gonna die all the time" but was encouraged to meet showrunner Shonda Rhimes for lunch at Barney Greengrass in Beverly Hills. After they met, Pompeo stated she liked her and trusted her vision. ==Reception== ReviewStream.com gave positive reviews regarding the pilot episode, due to the undeniable chemistry between Ellen Pompeo and Patrick Dempsey from the series' first scene. Regarding Miranda Bailey's appearance in the pilot, ReviewStream.com stated "She's such a small woman but wait until she speaks". HomeTheaterInfo.com, however, had a mixed perspectives on the pilot, noting that the storylines were similar to fellow ABC series Desperate Housewives, but also "brilliantly written, extremely well acted and directed to near perfection". New York Daily News named Grey's Anatomy a "winner" in response to its first season,The reviews by New York Daily News and Newsday can be found on the DVD's back cover. whereas Newsday expressed a positive opinion by stating "You simply can't stop watching." ==References== ==External links== * Category:2005 American television episodes Category:Grey's Anatomy (season 1) episodes Category:American television series premieres
9869812	A Dream (Common song)	"A Dream" is a single by rapper Common from the soundtrack to Freedom Writers. It is produced by will.i.am, who also sings the song's chorus. The song heavily samples Martin Luther King Jr.'s historical "I Have a Dream" speech, which relates to the song's lyrics about racism. The single release of "A Dream" includes two will.i.am tracks, "Colors" and "Bus Ride." ==Music video== The video for the single contains images from the Freedom Writers movie (many of which feature Hilary Swank, its lead actress), mixed with animated series with will.i.am singing on a platform and Common rapping in corridor and bedrooms before stylized images of the Civil Rights Movement. Television footage of the "I Have a Dream" speech is exposed on guide throughout the video. The imagery is destined to increase the song's messages of determination in the face of discrimination, and ambition for a racially equal world. ==Track listing== # "A Dream" # "Colors" # "Bus Ride" ==Chart positions== Chart (2006) Peak position U.S. Billboard Bubbling Under R&B;/Hip-Hop Singles 16 ==See also== * List of Common songs * Civil rights movement in popular culture ==References== Category:2006 singles Category:2006 songs Category:Common (rapper) songs Category:Will.i.am songs Category:Songs written by will.i.am Category:Songs about Martin Luther King Jr. Category:Songs about freedom Category:Songs based on speech samples Category:Songs written by Common (rapper) Category:Hollywood Records singles
9870217	A Date with Luyu	A Date With Luyu (also spelled A Date With Lu Yu) () is a popular Chinese television talk show that airs on Phoenix Television. Because the show emulates the success and format of The Oprah Winfrey Show, its host and creator, Chen Luyu, has been called "China's Oprah". The show includes a studio audience of about 300. The show covers a wide range of issues: interviewees range from artists and musicians such as Li Yundi,Li Yundi, The Pianist Legend Phoenix website business leaders such as Robin Li, diplomatic figures such as US ambassador to China Gary Locke,Mr. & Mrs. Locke - The China Dream of the U.S Ambassador to China Phoenix TV Website academics such as Prof Michael DobsonShakespeare Institute has 'A Date with Lu Yu' Shakespeare Institute website 5-July-2012 and sports figures such as Shane Battier. She is also willing to address controversial subjects. It is noted that some interviews are conducted in English, with Chinese subtitles, as was the cases when Lu Yu interviewed Wentworth Miller, Nick Vujicic, and Hillary Clinton with Timothy Geithner.WSJ Blog Audience members are required to understand English in these instances, because Lu Yu has warned about problems with interviews being done entirely in a single language, i.e. Mandarin Chinese. Luyu averages 140 million viewers per show. ==References== == External links == * Chen Luyu's Autobiography, 陈鲁豫新版心相约 *MacDonald, James (March 4, 2007). "Chen Lu Yu: 'China's Oprah'". CNN. Retrieved on March 5, 2007. *Liu, Melinda (October 10, 2005). "The Last Word: Chen Luyu". Newsweek International Edition. Retrieved on March 5, 2007. Category:Chinese television shows Category:Chinese television talk shows Category:1990s Chinese television series Category:1998 Chinese television series debuts Category:2000s Chinese television series Category:2010s Chinese television series Category:Phoenix Television original programming Category:Mandarin-language television shows
9919932	A Family Affair (musical)	A Family Affair is a musical with a book by James Goldman and William Goldman, lyrics by James Goldman and John Kander, and music by Kander. This was Kander's first show and his only one written without Fred Ebb in Ebb's lifetime. ==Synopsis== In Chicago, Gerry Siegal and Sally Nathan, a young suburban Chicago couple, decide to marry. The bride's Uncle Alfie (her guardian) wants an intimate wedding and wages a war of words with the groom's entire family. The groom's brassy Jewish mother Tillie commandeers the planning, steering it towards a large country club wedding (despite her husband's scolding her for taking over). Caterers, dressmakers, band leaders, rabbis, florists, photographers and a bossy wedding planner are pushed to the limit by the madcap preparations. The bride and groom, who have retained their sanity, realize that their families have almost destroyed the wedding. They announce their intention to have a quiet family affair. ==Song list== ;Act I *Anything for You *Beautiful *My Son, the Lawyer *Every Girl Wants to Get Married *Right Girls *Kalua Bay *There's a Room in My House *Siegal Marching Song *Nathan Marching Song *Harmony ;Act II *Now, Morris *Wonderful Party *Revenge *Summer is Over *Harmony (Reprise) *I'm Worse Than Anybody *What I Say Goes *The Wedding ==Background== The three collaborators on the show, William and James Goldman, and John Kander, had all been friends for a long time and shared an apartment in New York City. Although all three would enjoy great success, when the musical was written only William Goldman was doing well in his career. He later remembered: > They were older than I was, Kander and my brother, and they were the ones > who were supposed to succeed and they weren't I was. It terrified me and I > wrote a musical with my brother and Kander, A Family Affair, which got on, > which failed. I don't know why I did it. Here were these two wonderful > figures for me and I was doing well and they weren't and I helped them in my > own nutty way. Except it didn't work out that way, since everything I tried > for the theatre failed.Egan p 29 William Goldman says the idea for the musical was his.Egan p 33 It was originally optioned by Leland Hayward and when he dropped the option their agent, Richard Seff, talked his cousin Andrew into producing it. Money was raised by doing live auditions, according to Seff: > Jim couldn't sing a note, Bill can't really sing but John Kander can a > little bit, so Kander would play and sing and Bill would sing with him and > then I had to get up and sing with them too so here was the agent playing > actor. There were thirty people, fifty people, and we'd raise the thousand > dollars one night and two thousand the next and we put together the whole > show that way.Egan p 33 The credits are shared by all three equally. "I would not say I was a major contributor to the lyrics, but we all decided the three of us would take the billing," remembers William Goldman.Egan p 33 ==Production history== Originally planned as a project for Gertrude Berg to be directed by Jerome Robbins, it opened in Philadelphia directed instead by Word Baker, who recently had staged The Fantasticks off-Broadway. With everything from the script to the score to the set in disarray, theatre producer Hal Prince was brought in to replace Baker and repair the damage. Poor box office prevented the out-of-town tryout from being extended and Prince, making his directorial debut, brought the show to New York City knowing it was better but still in need of serious work. The Broadway production opened on January 27, 1962, at the Billy Rose Theatre, where it ran for 65 performances and five previews. The cast included Shelley Berman as Alfie, Eileen Heckart as Tillie, Rita Gardner as Sally, and Larry Kert as Gerry, with Morris Carnovsky, Cathryn Damon, Bibi Osterwald, and Linda Lavin in supporting roles. According to Richard Seff: > We kept it alive, barely. It earned a living for those nine weeks but it > never made any profit to speak of and to go on longer would have meant to > take big losses so it was sensible to close it... When we first heard it, we > thought it had great charm. But I think it would have been helped by a > director who really understood big musicals and Wood Baker had just had the > great success with Fantastiks, which was only a few people in a tiny, tiny > theatre, and he did that one imaginatively, but this one he did not do > imaginatively and it was very clunky. A lot depends on the director in a > musical. He really can make fair material much better and a bad director can > take excellent material and make it worse... Hal Prince took over the > direction out of town. He helped it a lot. It got better. It just didn't get > good enough.Egan p 35 An original cast recording was released by United Artists Records. ==References== *Not Since Carrie: Forty Years of Broadway Musical Flops by Ken Mandelbaum, published by St. Martin's Press (1991), pages 141–42 () *A Family Affair at the Music Theatre International Website *Egan, Sean, William Goldman: The Reluctant Storyteller, Bear Manor Media 2014 ==External links== *Internet Broadway Database listing *A Family Affair plot summary & character descriptions *Profile at guidetomusicaltheatre.com Category:1962 musicals Category:Broadway musicals Category:Musicals by James Goldman Category:Musicals by William Goldman Category:Musicals set in Chicago
9947241	A Day of Renew	A Day of Renew is the debut album by South Korean singer Bada, released in 2003. The album was released by Bada as a soloist. ==Track listing== # Prologue # 새로운 날에 (A Day of Renew) # Somehow Somewhere # 노을 (Noel) # One Day # 헤어지기 전에 (Before Parting) # Music # Zero (Love In Vain) # Dream Maker # 그래볼게.. (Ok..) # This Way # Be Mine Tonight # 집으로 오는 길 (On The Road To Home) # Music (alternate version) [bonus track] ==External links== * Bada's Official Site * JIIN Entertainment's Official Site * Girl Music Official Site Category:2003 albums Category:Bada (singer) albums
9965276	A Book of Human Language	A Book of Human Language is a studio album by the American rapper Aceyalone. It was released on Project Blowed in 1998. The album was entirely produced by Mumbles. ==Critical reception== Bill Cassel of AllMusic wrote: "Aceyalone wins major points for even trying to tackle weighty topics like life, death, time, and language." Brian Coleman of CMJ New Music Monthly called it "one of the most intelligent albums" of the year. Malik Singleton of Vibe described it as "an uninhibited exhibition of lyric artistry laid over jazzy breakbeats and rare groove loops." In 2014, Paste ranked the album at number five on their list of "12 Classic Hip-Hop Albums That Deserve More Attention". The following year, Fact placed it at number 24 on its list of the "100 Best Indie Hip-Hop Records of All Time". ==Track listing== ==References== ==External links== * Category:1998 albums Category:Aceyalone albums
9983283	A Good Enough Day	A Good Enough Day is the second album by Canadian singer-songwriter Royal Wood, released in 2007 on Dead Daisy Records. ==Track listing== # "A Good Enough Day" # "Juliet" # "Safe Haven" # "A Mirror Without" # "I'm So Glad" # "Siren" # "In the Garden" # "Step Back" # "Forever Were Tied" # "About You" # "Acting Crazy (It's a Breakdown)" # "Silently" ==References== Category:2007 albums Category:Royal Wood albums
